sim_seconds                                  0.000506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   505925000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3088660173500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               33031622                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 38715432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203505486                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    82117670                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96248180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst       363148                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       110834                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total       473983                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst       363148                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       363148                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        30677                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        30683                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst        90787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        32423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total       123211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        10027                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total        10030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    717790186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    219071997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total    936864160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    717790186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    717790186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data     60635470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data        11859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total     60647329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst    717790186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    279707467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        13836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total    997511489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total        8096062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total       8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM           26656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ             6112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6          121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap             1923919500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0              833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.248000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.562662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    54.515854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      1.60%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      3.20%      4.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      4.00%      8.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      4.80%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            3      2.40%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      8.80%     24.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255           49     39.20%     64.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           45     36.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat               5389580                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat         19508930                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat             2665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat               6470.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         23420.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                 52.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               8.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits               708                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          84.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap             1878827.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             84.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    362818569                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT     99121469                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0            99792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     107654.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2            99792                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     62899.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0            67320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1            72624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2            67320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3            42432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    235622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    195686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    156748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   23224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 743397575.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 744458376.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 742735463.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 740582887.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 8176703712.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1   8175773184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 8177284512.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3   8179172736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   11455503433.920002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   11455667256.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   11455375965.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   11455013798.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.850860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.851973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.849994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.847532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              4048031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total          506004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks        2024015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             2024015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks        2024015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             6072046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    601193000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   234.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.887325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.483026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      8.33%      8.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      8.33%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     83.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    80.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1622672                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                2707472                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    25354.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               42304.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        4.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     4.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     2.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     36.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  50099416.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461107447                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT         832591                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           1358985.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1423094.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1336003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           1344470.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 916776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1           960024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                 901272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3           906984.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               5189184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          5499686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          5088345.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          5022451.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         2335703.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         2448921.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         2272665.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         2295889.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       750408137.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       751332193.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       751306803.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       751780131.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0         8170554096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1         8169743520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       8169765792.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       8169350592.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         11465735752.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         11466380310.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         11465643752.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         11465673389.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.920398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.924779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.919773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.919974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    461940038                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     107654.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     113097.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     103420.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     67737.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0            72624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1            76296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2            69768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3            45696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    235622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    195686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    157747.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   23639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 743743788.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 744584561.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 743803269.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 740739769.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0   8176400016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1   8175662496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2   8176347840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3   8179035120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   11455559117.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   11455691868.480001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2    11455513176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   11455042580.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     77.851238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     77.852141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     77.850926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     77.847728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks        2024015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             2024015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks        2024015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             2024015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    655002000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.220905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.728053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     25.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     25.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     8.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                         0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                       0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat                    0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     2.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     26.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                  0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 163750500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461340979                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT         599059                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           1394668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1447286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           1331164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1354147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 940848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           976344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 898008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 913512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               5304000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          5532134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          5093337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          5120793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         2429015.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         2402058.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         2262712.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         2299207.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       751558734.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       752803450.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       750516209.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       751384834.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0         8169544800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1         8168452944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2         8170459296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3         8169697344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         11466144936.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1          11466587088                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         11465533598.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         11465742709.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.923179                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.926184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.919024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.920445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1012008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1012008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1012008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1518012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           25                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    603760000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev          0                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     38.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 201253333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   29.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461864538                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT          75500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                1569456                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1369267.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1562198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           1504137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1058760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 923712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1053864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3           1014696.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          5947468.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          5208153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          5938982.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          5710348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         2730516.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         2326164.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         2687385.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         2541404.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       753294070.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       751691540.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       753097461.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       752823095.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         8168022576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         8169428304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2         8168195040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       8168435712.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         11467595717.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         11465920011.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         11467507801.920002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3          11467002264                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.933038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.921650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.932441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.929005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_written::total         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_writes::total         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      8096062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_write::total       8096062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total       8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                1024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts              1024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten             4032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys          4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            895                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1           21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6           24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap             4666019500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2          1024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   175.304348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.100569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    96.902216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     17.39%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-95            3     13.04%     30.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.35%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      8.70%     43.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      4.35%     47.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     52.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean   122.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   323.915553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            6     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::848-863            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::18            7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  7.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               8.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               23.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits              103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate         79.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap             4556659.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             79.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE    458536939                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT      3403099                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     44150.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     47174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     52012.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     26611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0            29784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1            31824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2            35088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3            17952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3   23224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 739118525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 739504630.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 739561703.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 737828447.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0   8180457264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1   8180118576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 8180068512.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 8181588912.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   11454756963.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   11454829826.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   11454838302.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   11454522413.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.845787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.846282                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.846340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.844193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              3036023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks        1518012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             1518012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks        1518012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             4554035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    615135000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.178463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.432316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     10.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     80.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           10                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    56.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        3.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     3.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     38.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  68348333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461202272                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT         737766                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1365033.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1485993.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1322697.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           1347494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 920856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           1002456.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 892296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           909024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               5189184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               5603520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          5068876.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          5053401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         2372198.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         2524815.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         2246538.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         2299207.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       750296344.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       752869169.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       750797688.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       751484698.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0         8170652160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1         8168395296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2         8170212384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3         8169609744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         11465768646.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         11466854120.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2          11465513352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         11465676440.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.920622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.927999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.918887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.919995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst       434864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       194596                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1281                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1254                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1246                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1162                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total       639511                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst       434864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       434864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        30305                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          260                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          263                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          262                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          236                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        32366                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst       108716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        51622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total       164340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         9323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total        10354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    859542422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    384634086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2537926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2530019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2514207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2531996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2478628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2514207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      2462816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      2296783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1264043089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    859542422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    859542422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     59900183                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       513910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       519840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       521816                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       521816                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       517863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       466472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total     63973909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    859542422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    444534269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3043929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3043929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3020211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3051836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3000445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3036023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      2980679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2763255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1328016999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total          506004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks        1012008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             1012008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks        1012008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1518012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           18                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    624535000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.586884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     1.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     30.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate              125.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 208178333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                  112.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461532528                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT         407510                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                1436400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1349308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1364428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1456963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 969000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 910248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 920448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 982872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               5408832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          5185190.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               5151744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          5512665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         2534768.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2319114.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         2319528.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       751541005.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       750175030.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       751408692.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       752297564.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       8169560352.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1         8170758576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2         8169676416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3         8168896704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         11466423228.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         11465670337.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         11465814128.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3          11466571464                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.925070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.919954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.920931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.926078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst       983848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       413314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1786                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1758                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1801                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1742                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1787                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1798                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1834                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1883                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      1411551                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst       983848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       983848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        69723                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         1030                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         1034                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         1029                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         1032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         1042                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         1032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         1036                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          989                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        77947                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst       245962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       111304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total       363438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        21939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          390                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          377                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total        25025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   1944651875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    816947176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3530168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3474823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3559816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3443198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      3532144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      3553886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      3625043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      3721896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2790040026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   1944651875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1944651875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    137812917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      2035875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      2043781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      2033898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      2039828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      2059594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      2039828                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      2047734                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1954835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total    154068291                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   1944651875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data    954760093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      5566042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      5518605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      5593714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      5483026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      5591738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      5593714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      5672778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      5676731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2944108316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_read::total        8096062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bw_total::total       8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM           26656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ             6112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0          127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap             1881065500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0              833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples          126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.060761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    57.950538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3      2.38%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      3.17%      5.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      3.97%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      5.56%     15.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      3.17%     18.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      7.14%     25.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255           50     39.68%     65.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           41     32.54%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::288-319            3      2.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total          126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat               6355656                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat         20475006                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat             2665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat               7629.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat         24579.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                 52.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               8.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits               707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          84.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap             1836978.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate             84.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    364556947                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT     97383091                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0     110073.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     108259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           108864                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3     44150.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0            74256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1            73032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2            73440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3            29784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    255091.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3           77376                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   27371.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3   16588.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 744639828.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 743658589.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 743523102.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 738642461.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0   8175614016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 8176474752.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2   8176593600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3   8180874864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   11455693507.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   11455569635.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   11455554009.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   11454658095.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.852152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.851310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.851204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.845115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst       555396                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       220852                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          510                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          519                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          532                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          530                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          508                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          522                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          565                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total       780454                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst       555396                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       555396                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        40170                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          841                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        46321                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst       138849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        60331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total       201284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        12862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total        14914                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   1097783268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    436531106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1008055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1025844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1051539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1047586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      1004101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1027820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1031773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1116766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1542627860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   1097783268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1097783268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     79399120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1494293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1506152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1506152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1506152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1482433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1494293                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      1506152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1662302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total     91557049                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   1097783268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    515930227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2502347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2531996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2557691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2553738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      2486535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      2522113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      2537926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2779068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1634184909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst      1012008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1012008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              2530019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst      1012008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         1012008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        2530019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             2530019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        2530019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst      1012008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      1012008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             5060039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    649909000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.555556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.194934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.093035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     11.11%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     77.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total            9                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1134696                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                1812696                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    28367.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               45317.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        2.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     2.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     2.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     36.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               50.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  64990900.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461150520                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT         789518                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                1406160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                1321488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                1324512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           1355356.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 948600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 891480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 893520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 914328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          5343436.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          5119795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          5007974.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          5065382.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2305843.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         2223313.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         2339020.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       751467790.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       750261104.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       751389704.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       751428993.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         8169624576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       8170683072.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       8169693072.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       8169658608.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         11466215257.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         11465555653.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         11465504967.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3          11465734560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.923657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.919174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.918830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.920390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      8096062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total       8096062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total       8096062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                1024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts              1024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten             4064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            894                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6           17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7           14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap             4548870500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2          1024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   125.773127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev   103.144755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     20.83%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4     16.67%     37.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      4.17%     41.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      4.17%     45.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     54.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean   122.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   323.915553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            6     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::848-863            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.142857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.139568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.377964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            6     85.71%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            1     14.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  8.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               8.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               22.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits              103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         79.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap             4442256.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             79.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE    458265356                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT      3674682                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     46569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     47779.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2     31449.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     41126.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0            31416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1     32232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2            21216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3            27744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    67891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3    104332.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   20321.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3   24053.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 739535875.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 739393220.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 738007490.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 738968647.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 8180091168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1   8180216304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2   8181431856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3   8180588736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   11454832236.480001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   11454816743.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   11454553095.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   11454727511.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.846299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.846193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.844402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.845587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           1280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 5                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1012008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              4554035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total          506004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks        2530019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             2530019                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks        2530019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      1012008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total             7084054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         5                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                1280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    651693000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.882353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.320180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.730830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     11.76%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     11.76%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           13     76.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40               2    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1796400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                3016800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        4.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        3.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     4.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     2.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     30.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate              100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  46549500.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   91.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE     460200895                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        1739143                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1380153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1441843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1242259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1456963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 931056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 972672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 838032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 982872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          5136268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          5457254.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          4760870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          5471731.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         2485002.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         2475463.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2113413.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         2498273.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       751060290.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       751925632.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       750044358.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       752619427.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       8169982032.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1         8169222960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2         8170873200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       8168614368.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         11465947673.280003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1          11466468696                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         11464845003.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         11466616505.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.921838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.925379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.914345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.926384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_writes::total         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8096062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total        8096062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      8096062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_write::total       8096062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     16192123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total      16192123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                1024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts              1024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM           26880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             5888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten             4032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys          4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap             5076276500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2          1024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0              840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.080000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.217663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.576849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            8      5.33%      5.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      5.33%     10.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-127            4      2.67%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      2.67%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-191            5      3.33%     19.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18     12.00%     31.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255           46     30.67%     62.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           54     36.00%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::288-319            3      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean   122.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   323.915553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            6     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::848-863            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat               5929759                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat         20167759                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat             2688000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat               7059.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         24009.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                 53.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  7.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               8.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               8.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               23.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits               714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits              102                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          85.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate         79.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap             2478650.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             84.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    360564946                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    101375092                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0            63504                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     70156.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     70761.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3     38102.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0            42840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1            47328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2            47736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3            25704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    207667.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    255590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    128294.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   23639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   26956.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   26542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3   19906.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 740664146.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 741328940.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 741402757.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 738832723.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0   8179101456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1   8178518304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 8178453552.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 8180707968.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   11455076123.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   11455220146.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   11455229809.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   11454725568.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.847956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.848935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.849000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.845574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total         1977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total         1977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE    461940038                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0     30844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1     32054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2     32054.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3     16329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0            20808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1            21624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2            21624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3     11016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 738385168.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 738500353.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 738641367.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 737137333.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0   8181100560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1   8180999520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2   8180875824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 8182195152.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   11454629276.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   11454667903.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   11454684806.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   11454403733.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.844919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.845182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.845297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.843387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst      1012008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2024015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst      1012008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1012008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        1518012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1518012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        1518012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst      1012008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data       506004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             3542027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    591961000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.383672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     30.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  84565857.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     461411443                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF       44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT         528595                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                1415232                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                1342656                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                1430352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           1471478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 954720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 905760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 964920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3           992664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          5435788.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               5206656                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          5379878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               5486208                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         2471731.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         2295889.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         2431918.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         2475463.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       751006719.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1          750334320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       752415376.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       752800988.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         8170029024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       8170618848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2         8168793360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3         8168455104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         11466286085.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         11465677000.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         11466388675.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         11466654776.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.924138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.919999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.924835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.926644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst       422760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       190976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         1244                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         1258                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1255                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1283                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1242                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1252                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total       623790                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst       422760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       422760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        29384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          258                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          258                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          260                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          259                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          260                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          258                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          254                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        31447                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst       105690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data        50571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total       160265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data         9020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_writes::total        10052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    835617928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    377478875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2458862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2466769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2486535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2480605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      2535949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      2514207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      2454909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      2474675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1232969314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    835617928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    835617928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data     58079755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       509957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       506004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       509957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       513910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       511934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       513910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data       509957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data       502051                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_write::total     62157434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst    835617928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data    435558630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2968819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2972773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2996492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2994515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      3047883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      3028117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      2964866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2976726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1295126748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst       877332                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       316978                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          532                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          535                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          519                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          530                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          514                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          548                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          539                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      1198531                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst       877332                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total       877332                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        64941                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          780                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          775                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          782                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          770                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data          762                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data          776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        71122                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst       219333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        88168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data          252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data          274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data          270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total       309613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        20958                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data          254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data          260                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total        23022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   1734114740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    626531601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1051539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1057469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1025844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1047586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data       996195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      1015961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data      1083165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data      1065375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   2368989475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   1734114740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1734114740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    128360923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      1541730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      1531848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      1545684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      1521965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data      1518012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data      1518012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data      1506152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data      1533824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total    140578149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   1734114740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data    754892524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      2593270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2589317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      2571527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2569551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      2514207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      2533972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data      2589317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data      2599199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2509567624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE    461940038                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     44499600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0     30844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1     32659.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2     31449.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3     16329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0            20808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1     22032.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2            21216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3     11016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3           64896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   14100.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 2534972870.400000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 738245905.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 738467084.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 738523609.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 737279933.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0   8181222720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1   8181028704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2   8180979120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3   8182070064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   11454612173.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   11454665245.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   11454669332.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   11454421745.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.844803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.845164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.845192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.843509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                28                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              94                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                31                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        56062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        56070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        83481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        83497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   83497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9204500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     18595000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9271000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      4635500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       462000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       124500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       145495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        47000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        15500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       363000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          712                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          893                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          264                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          463                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        17500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         5500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           977                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                         1357                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                     27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                          976                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                  5500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                    27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                        1356                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                30000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime                5999                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              36500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              450                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     606    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 606                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                   4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy            18992500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               27820                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           23640500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              27796                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18407                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18407                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq              9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp             9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               28                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              88                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             94                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         1734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        13902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        13902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         1760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        13905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         4640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         1952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        13903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 55612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         3480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         5536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         1986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2957                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        21180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         2694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         3377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         5596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2379                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        21449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         3309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         5652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         3100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        19992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave         3242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys2.s2p.slave         2562                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         5829                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         2444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        20860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  83481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19871300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     44116713                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     19136500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     12792500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       263200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       123200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         8400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       131506                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        30800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       217566                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          766                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          247                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       269000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        81900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                         1013                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                    27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                        1013                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime               350900                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                   27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             350900                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              55200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              39400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 11                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              45400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              59600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 14                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              68000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              58600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              53400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              62800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 22                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy               2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded                  1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy            6447900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded               5033                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy           6449100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              5036                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          13034200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              9258                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           6543600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              4176                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           6506400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              4156                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy              7600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy          14199291                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              6947                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy          14250374                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              6947                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy          14383174                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              6950                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy          14425446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              6948                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18407                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18407                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq         9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp         9269                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           28                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           88                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           94                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        13902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        13902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        13905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        13903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        55612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        21180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        21449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        19992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        20860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        83481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14725600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     16603500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      8342100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7415200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       112000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        70400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        75200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        17600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        88000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          200                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           85                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        86900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        42199                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   285                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess              27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess             27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                  285                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime        129099                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       129099                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy      5828800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded         6955                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy      5829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded         6955                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy      5805700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded         6955                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy      5809000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded         6955                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy     24181900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        27792                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              23266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             23266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 65320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36843                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        35093                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39907                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       194816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1131245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     11651462                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    137551331                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9271000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      4639486                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     13423498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       138997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       150495                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        66497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         7499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        67998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2568995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1448                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          175                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          227                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           55                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     15711995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2755996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       920000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       325499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       629500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1237999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        71500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       350998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        27000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         1827                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         177                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                    27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                         847                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime              2547500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                   27664                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           19247491                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2782996                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            1605                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             6001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                  6001    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               6001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           34716949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded              33669                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          12260479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               377                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          10908489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded              3770                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           9722980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               299                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          10252486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded              3744                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         10047486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              309                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy         10240479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded             3761                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy          9722489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              299                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy          9720985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded             3708                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         10114479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded              311                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy         10772972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded             3755                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               12                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         10016980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              308                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy         10529972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded             3762                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         10532993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              324                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy         10568473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded             3771                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            28998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         24736989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              761                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy         12642989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded             3884                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            48997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               48                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total             2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total              1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                108716                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                 61969                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                  281797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts             106250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps               106266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses        94673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  7                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         9217                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts               94673                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads       175256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes        76133                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads       476733                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes        56921                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                61969                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts              52646                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts              9323                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles      203317.712304                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles      78479.287696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.278496                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction            0.721504                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                    11598                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu            44297     41.69%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead           52646     49.54%     91.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite           9323      8.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total            106266                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 7910204.081633                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 13483883.047580                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            8     16.33%     91.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 8096061.669220      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 26056.640625                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 19915.728071                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 21246.406512                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          191     18.65%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          708     69.14%     87.79% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     87.79% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           60      5.86%     93.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            8      0.78%     94.43% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            1      0.10%     94.53% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            1      0.10%     94.63% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727           10      0.98%     95.61% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            3      0.29%     95.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            3      0.29%     96.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            6      0.59%     96.78% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            4      0.39%     97.17% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            7      0.68%     97.85% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            2      0.20%     98.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           18      1.76%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            2      0.20%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   6893908.203125                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  216453187.468372                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           86      8.40%      8.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           21      2.05%     10.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%     10.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%     10.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          311     30.37%     40.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           82      8.01%     48.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          524     51.17%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   6926631500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1878827.636719                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    55970631.324739                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           86      8.40%      8.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           21      2.05%     10.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%     10.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     10.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          311     30.37%     40.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           82      8.01%     48.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          524     51.17%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        73500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   1791189000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.040816                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.199915                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           47     95.92%     95.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            2      4.08%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean    19.755102                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    33.674626                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-7            36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::72-79           10     20.41%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-87            2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       165364                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       165365                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        10354                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        10354                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       121890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total       123938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       217433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total       217433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port        10066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total        10066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total        351437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       224901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total       228997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       434868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total       434868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port        12112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total        12112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total         675977                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     82682000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    174938900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     10354000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      6807800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        56769                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       115856                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1537                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2012                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      7095000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     45885400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       230000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       402400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                58306                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp              117868                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             5033                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                1604                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       652500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            5033                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                 88                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        18600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      7325000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime     46287800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy       512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy     92524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         18.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       174694                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy     65205600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         12.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded        61969                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    111197200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         22.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       108717                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      5343900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         5033                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                105690                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                 60615                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                 3762160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts             103368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps               103391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses        92368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                 10                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         8851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts               92368                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads       171157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes        74496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads       464955                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes        55058                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                60615                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts              51595                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts              9020                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles      2730967.134479                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles      1031192.865521                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.274096                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction            0.725904                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                    11032                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu            42776     41.37%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead           51595     49.90%     91.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite           9020      8.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total            103391                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 8359183.673469                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 13627972.433677                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            8     16.33%     91.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 8096061.669220      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 26999.023438                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 20144.228935                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23947.870214                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          191     18.65%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     18.65% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          707     69.04%     87.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     87.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           54      5.27%     92.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151           10      0.98%     93.95% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            2      0.20%     94.14% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            1      0.10%     94.24% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            3      0.29%     94.53% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            3      0.29%     94.82% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            3      0.29%     95.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            1      0.10%     95.21% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            3      0.29%     95.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            6      0.59%     96.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            6      0.59%     96.68% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           33      3.22%     99.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.10%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   6531650.878906                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  204920215.951004                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           92      8.98%      8.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           25      2.44%     11.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%     11.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%     11.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          379     37.01%     48.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           78      7.62%     56.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          450     43.95%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   6557574500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1836978.027344                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    54690710.870341                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           92      8.98%      8.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           25      2.44%     11.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%     11.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     11.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          379     37.01%     48.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           78      7.62%     56.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          450     43.95%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        73500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   1750229500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.061224                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.242226                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           46     93.88%     93.88% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            3      6.12%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean    20.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    34.044851                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0-7            35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::72-79           10     20.41%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::80-87            2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       161289                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       161289                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        10052                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        10052                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       119182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total       121230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       211380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total       211380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port        10072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total        10072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total        342682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       220360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total       224456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       422760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total       422760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port        12117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.s2p.master::total        12117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total         659333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     80644500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    170597300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     10052000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      6596000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        55136                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       113077                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1518                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2003                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      6862500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     44528200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       227000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       400600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                56654                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp              115080                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             5036                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                1563                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       617000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            5036                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                104                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        21800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      7089500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime     44928800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy       512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy     90184500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         17.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       170317                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy     63757900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         12.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded        60615                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    108100400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         21.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       105690                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      5335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         5036                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                245961                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                135291                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              2048                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                  831411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts             242092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps               242131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       212623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                 17                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        21969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts              212623                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads       390205                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes       167690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      1063371                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       135101                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs               135291                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts             112328                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts             22963                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles      353274.698178                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles      478136.301822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.575090                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction            0.424910                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                    29522                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           106840     44.12%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead          112328     46.39%     90.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          22963      9.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total            242131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 8359183.673469                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 13570125.250702                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           34     69.39%     69.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      2.04%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            8     16.33%     91.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 8096061.669220      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 7910204.081633                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 13483635.836604                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            8     16.33%     91.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 8096061.669220      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4096                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 26720.214844                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 20277.892920                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 22744.438302                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          184     17.97%     17.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     17.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          714     69.73%     87.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     87.70% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959           53      5.18%     92.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151           15      1.46%     94.34% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            3      0.29%     94.63% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            1      0.10%     94.73% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            2      0.20%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            2      0.20%     95.12% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            4      0.39%     95.51% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            3      0.29%     95.80% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            4      0.39%     96.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            8      0.78%     96.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            6      0.59%     97.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           22      2.15%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            3      0.29%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   4957301.269531                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  154189225.096519                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           64      6.25%      6.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000           13      1.27%      7.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      7.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      7.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          320     31.25%     38.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           78      7.62%     46.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          549     53.61%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        73500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value   4934193000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1024                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 6894316.894531                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 216462316.599555                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           58      5.66%      5.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          375     36.62%     42.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     42.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     42.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          107     10.45%     52.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           24      2.34%     55.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     55.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     55.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          460     44.92%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   6926923500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          2048                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     2478650.634766                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    103204730.757671                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           58      2.83%      2.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          375     18.31%     21.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           64      3.12%     24.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000           13      0.63%     24.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          107      5.22%     30.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           24      1.17%     31.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          320     15.62%     46.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           78      3.81%     50.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows         1009     49.27%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   4668834000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total            2048                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.020408                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.142857                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           48     97.96%     97.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            1      2.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    20.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    33.922243                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-7            34     69.39%     69.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8-15            1      2.04%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-23            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::56-63            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::72-79            9     18.37%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::80-87            3      6.12%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    19.775510                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    33.709090                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7           36     73.47%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79           11     22.45%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       364462                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       364462                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        26049                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        26049                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave         4096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       266486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total       270582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       491924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total       491924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port        18516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total        18516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total        781022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       483037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total       491229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       983848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total       983848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port        22613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total        22613                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total        1497690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    182231000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    386463800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     26049000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     17293500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       132929                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       252303                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3073                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         3010                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     16038000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    104399400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       741500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       602000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq               136002                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp              255313                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             9258                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                3300                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime      1336500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            9258                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                107                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        22400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     16779500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    105001400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         2048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    206744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         40.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       388463                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    142941900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         28.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       135291                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    251634200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         49.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       245962                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      9181200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         9258                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                219333                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                110150                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                 9798127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts             213885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps               213915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       180789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                 13                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        22572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts              180789                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads       326378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes       136233                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads       906246                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       128231                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs               110150                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts              88168                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts             21982                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles      5233653.282837                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles      4564473.717163                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.465852                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction            0.534148                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                    33139                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           103765     48.51%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead           88168     41.22%     89.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          21982     10.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total            213915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 8359183.673469                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 13625526.264567                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            7     14.29%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            5     10.20%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 8096061.669220      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4096                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 6530541.992188                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 204881235.888318                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           57      5.57%      5.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          439     42.87%     48.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     48.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     48.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          104     10.16%     58.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           19      1.86%     60.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     60.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     60.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          405     39.55%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   6556327000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     4556659.667969                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    141717009.206446                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           57      5.57%      5.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          439     42.87%     48.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     48.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     48.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          104     10.16%     58.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           19      1.86%     60.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     60.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     60.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          405     39.55%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   4535071500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    20.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    34.063816                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7           35     71.43%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79           10     20.41%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87            2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       309613                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       309612                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        24046                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        24046                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       218252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total       220300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       438665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total       438665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port         8352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total         8352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total        667317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       381919                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total       386015                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       877328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total       877328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port        10402                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total        10402                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total        1273745                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    154806500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    328841900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     24046000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     16336800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       118629                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       213038                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1527                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          990                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     13206000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     96438900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       498000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       199000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq               120156                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp              214028                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4176                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                1707                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       687000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4176                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                 27                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         6400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     13704000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime     96637900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    177828500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         35.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       332635                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    117169300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         23.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       110150                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    224215800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         44.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       219332                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      3793600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4176                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                138849                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                 74217                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                 9097720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts             137822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps               137845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       119546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                 10                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        12978                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts              119546                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads       217787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes        92681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads       594525                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes        79464                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                74217                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts              60331                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts             13886                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles      6379445.167759                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles      2718274.832241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.298786                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction            0.701214                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                    18308                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu            63628     46.16%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead           60331     43.77%     89.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          13886     10.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total            137845                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 8359183.673469                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 13547999.827271                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06           34     69.39%     69.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      2.04%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     71.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07           10     20.41%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 8096061.669220      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4096                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 4958721.679688                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 154193986.487780                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           43      4.20%      4.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000          368     35.94%     40.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     40.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     40.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          159     15.53%     55.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           25      2.44%     58.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     58.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     58.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          429     41.89%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        65000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value   4934346000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     4442256.347656                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    137667102.348836                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           43      4.20%      4.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          368     35.94%     40.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     40.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     40.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          159     15.53%     55.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           25      2.44%     58.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     58.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     58.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          429     41.89%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   4405485500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    20.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    33.870000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-7           34     69.39%     69.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-15            1      2.04%     71.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-23            1      2.04%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-31            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-39            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::40-47            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::48-55            0      0.00%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::56-63            1      2.04%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::64-71            0      0.00%     75.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::72-79           10     20.41%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::80-87            2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::88-95            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::96-103            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::104-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::112-119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::120-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::128-135            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::136-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::144-151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::152-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       201284                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       201284                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        15938                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        15938                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       146386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total       148434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       277698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total       277698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port         8312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total         8312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total        434444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       261022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total       265118                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       555396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total       555396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port        10357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total        10357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total         830871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    100642000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    213918500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15938000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10653600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        77528                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       137660                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1528                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1005                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9144500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     59118500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       515000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       202000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                79056                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp              138665                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4156                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                1750                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       711500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4156                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                 25                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         6000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      9659500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime     59320500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    115556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         22.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       216198                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy     78692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         15.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded        74217                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    142113400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         28.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       138849                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      3766200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4156                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                 90787                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                 42450                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                 4925185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts              90784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                90791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses        73112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        11198                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts               73112                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads       129704                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes        51886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads       369642                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes        58348                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                42450                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts              32423                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts             10027                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles      3992541.816628                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles      932643.183372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction        0.189362                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction            0.810638                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                    17683                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu            48341     53.24%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     53.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead           32423     35.71%     88.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          10027     11.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total             90791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq       123211                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp       123210                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        10030                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        10030                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port        84900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total        84900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       181573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total       181573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total        266481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       141511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total       141511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       363144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total       363144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port            7                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total            7                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total         504662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     61605500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    131226400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     10030000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7020800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        50105                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        83129                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      5012500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     40795600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                50109                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp               83130                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                4                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               4                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime      5014500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime     40795800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy     71635500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         14.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded       133241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy     45453100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          9.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded        42450                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy     92790800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         18.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded        90786                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy         3300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0             49    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total           49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                        55                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7952.365630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        55                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     18.018182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3536.107557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   870.564421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   590.038233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   227.705302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   224.368673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   569.398854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   742.597494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    37.867157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    68.859031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    19.167668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           47                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    64.124942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst    31.858207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    42.248167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   491.627602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   342.832322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.431654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.106270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.072026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.027796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.027389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.069507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.090649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.003540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.004622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.007828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.003889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.005157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.060013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.041850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.970748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          678                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002075                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969971                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     35384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    35384                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           87                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              413                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   413                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    53                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data            79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data            71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data            68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data            87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst           304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data            91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data           79                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data           71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data           68                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data           87                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       869500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       141500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         1509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       785000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       373500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       376000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       378500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       248500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       509000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3002500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       373500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       869500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       496500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       497500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       650500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          4511500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       373500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       869500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       496500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       497500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       650500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         4511500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           68                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           89                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                3774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          413                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               413                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 3853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data           82                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data           90                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data           76                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data           78                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                3853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.022508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.006173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.636364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.823529                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.736842                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.375000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.329114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.022508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.009862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.022508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.009862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 124214.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       141500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       125750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28071.428571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8187.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         6550                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        13100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5458.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         7000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9345.238095                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 126166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115480.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 124214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       125750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 92928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118723.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 124214.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       125750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       124375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 92928.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118723.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   28                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        28                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            84                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       381499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       380999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       433999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       544500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       272500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       380500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       651500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1522000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4567497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       108000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       340500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       343000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       345500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       226500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       443000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2716500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       792500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       452500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       453500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4093500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst       792500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       452500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       453500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4093500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     68941999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     68738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     69357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     68691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     68675500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     69220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     69485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     69761500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    552870499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     34738000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     34832500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     34822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     34819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     34793000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     34749000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     34780000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     35078000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    278611500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    103679999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    103570500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    104179000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    103510000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    103468500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    103969000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    104265500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    104839500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    831481999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.022508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.006173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.736842                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.022508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.009862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.036585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.042254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.022508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.037634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 113214.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       114750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54499.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54428.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54249.875000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54450                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54291.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54374.964286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104480.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 113214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       114750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 81928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107723.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 113214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       114750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       113375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 81928.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107723.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        977                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4533                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.833664                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.263019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     11.317536                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4524     99.80%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.20%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          4533                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2400                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.472917                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.524212                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    14.636576                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2392     99.67%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            8      0.33%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2400                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     25859183.673469                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    11424533.512857                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            4      8.16%      8.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%      8.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%      8.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%      8.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            3      6.12%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           10     20.41%     34.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           20     40.82%     75.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            9     18.37%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        25389138.706330      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                     12845                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    16773469.387755                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12301893.070957                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            6     12.24%     12.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            2      4.08%     16.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            8     16.33%     32.65% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           14     28.57%     61.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            8     16.33%     77.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            3      6.12%     83.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            5     10.20%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       16474773.928942      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   8335                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            4533                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11746.569601                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11622.945013                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       3804.111771                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4524     99.80%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            8      0.18%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              4533                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           2392                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11607.650502                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11603.952797                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       296.931185                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2289     95.69%     95.69% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          102      4.26%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             2392                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                4533                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           139132.362674                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          2364132.838628                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                3      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000              14      0.31%      0.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000              34      0.75%      1.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000              86      1.90%      3.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000             126      2.78%      5.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000             171      3.77%      9.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000             187      4.13%     13.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000             221      4.88%     18.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000             250      5.52%     24.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000             254      5.60%     29.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000             286      6.31%     36.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000             239      5.27%     41.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000             270      5.96%     47.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000             202      4.46%     51.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000             169      3.73%     55.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000             151      3.33%     58.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000             119      2.63%     61.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000              59      1.30%     62.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000             55      1.21%     63.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              1637     36.11%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              8000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         155604000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  4533                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         250031.250000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3069870.595137                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             6      0.25%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             9      0.38%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             9      0.38%      1.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            26      1.08%      2.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            34      1.42%      3.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            41      1.71%      5.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            48      2.00%      7.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            87      3.62%     10.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            78      3.25%     14.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            74      3.08%     17.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            88      3.67%     20.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            71      2.96%     23.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            56      2.33%     26.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            49      2.04%     28.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            24      1.00%     29.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            34      1.42%     30.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           151      6.29%     36.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           74      3.08%     39.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1441     60.04%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       148824000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  6933                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             90016.587336                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1819795.768310                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  9      0.13%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                33      0.48%      0.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                72      1.04%      1.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000               156      2.25%      3.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000               290      4.18%      8.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000               333      4.80%     12.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000               421      6.07%     18.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000               513      7.40%     26.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000               615      8.87%     35.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000               691      9.97%     45.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000               716     10.33%     55.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000               707     10.20%     65.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000               632      9.12%     74.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000               484      6.98%     81.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000               402      5.80%     87.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000               367      5.29%     92.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000               206      2.97%     95.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               128      1.85%     97.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000               42      0.61%     98.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                 116      1.67%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                6000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           148824000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    6933                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.081633                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.276642                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0               45     91.84%     91.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                4      8.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.142857                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.353553                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0              42     85.71%     85.71% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               7     14.29%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            90.897959                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           47.061239                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                   3      6.12%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                  8     16.33%     44.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                 2      4.08%     48.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                10     20.41%     69.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                10     20.41%     89.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 3      6.12%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           48.061224                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev          26.992598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-7                   10     20.41%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-15                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-31                  1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-39                  1      2.04%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::40-47                  6     12.24%     36.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::48-55                  8     16.33%     53.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::56-63                 10     20.41%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::64-71                  4      8.16%     81.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::72-79                  5     10.20%     91.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::80-87                  4      8.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::88-95                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::96-103                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4527                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.878728                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.256123                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     11.933610                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4517     99.78%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           10      0.22%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          4527                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2402                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.504163                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.552286                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    14.629457                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2394     99.67%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.67% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            8      0.33%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2402                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     26191836.734694                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    23829733.149425                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07            7     14.29%     14.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           40     81.63%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        25758758.709295      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     13032                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    16434693.877551                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11222160.944243                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            6     12.24%     12.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            7     14.29%     26.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           16     32.65%     59.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           12     24.49%     83.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            3      6.12%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            3      6.12%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       16636853.288531      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   8417                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            4527                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11751.535233                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11618.134533                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       3914.344910                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4517     99.78%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           10      0.22%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              4527                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           2394                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11602.798663                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11598.680100                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       315.056923                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2288     95.57%     95.57% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          101      4.22%     99.79% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            4      0.17%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            1      0.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             2394                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                4527                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           133843.384140                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          2358557.298584                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                2      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               7      0.15%      0.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000              30      0.66%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000              55      1.21%      2.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000             134      2.96%      5.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000             172      3.80%      8.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000             165      3.64%     12.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000             193      4.26%     16.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000             287      6.34%     23.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000             271      5.99%     29.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000             298      6.58%     35.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000             240      5.30%     40.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000             276      6.10%     47.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000             164      3.62%     50.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000             173      3.82%     54.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000             146      3.23%     57.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000             105      2.32%     60.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000              74      1.63%     61.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000             61      1.35%     63.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              1674     36.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              9000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         156525000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  4527                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2402                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         246393.422148                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3085478.267025                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             4      0.17%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             9      0.37%      0.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            12      0.50%      1.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            14      0.58%      1.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            27      1.12%      2.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            45      1.87%      4.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            63      2.62%      7.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            89      3.71%     10.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            56      2.33%     13.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            62      2.58%     15.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            59      2.46%     18.32% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            65      2.71%     21.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            54      2.25%     23.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            37      1.54%     24.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            28      1.17%     25.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            37      1.54%     27.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           200      8.33%     35.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           51      2.12%     37.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1490     62.03%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           12000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       149500000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2402                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  6929                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             86476.403521                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1810497.783823                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      2      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  7      0.10%      0.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                34      0.49%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                62      0.89%      1.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000               140      2.02%      3.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000               272      3.93%      7.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000               346      4.99%     12.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000               439      6.34%     18.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000               531      7.66%     26.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000               661      9.54%     35.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000               701     10.12%     46.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000               692      9.99%     56.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000               653      9.42%     65.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000               623      8.99%     74.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000               453      6.54%     81.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000               434      6.26%     87.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000               407      5.87%     93.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000               200      2.89%     96.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000               135      1.95%     98.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000               40      0.58%     98.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                  97      1.40%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           149500000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    6929                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.102041                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.305839                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0               44     89.80%     89.80% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                5     10.20%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.081633                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.276642                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0              45     91.84%     91.84% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      8.16%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            90.714286                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           46.913928                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                   3      6.12%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                  7     14.29%     42.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 5     10.20%     53.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 7     14.29%     67.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                10     20.41%     87.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 6     12.24%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           48.183673                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev          26.591566                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-7                    9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-15                   1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-31                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-39                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::40-47                  7     14.29%     34.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::48-55                 11     22.45%     57.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::56-63                  6     12.24%     69.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::64-71                  7     14.29%     83.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::72-79                  5     10.20%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::80-87                  2      4.08%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::88-95                  1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::96-103                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4667                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.708378                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.256345                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      9.845921                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4660     99.85%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            7      0.15%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          4667                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2262                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.250221                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.564242                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    11.937075                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2257     99.78%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            5      0.22%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2262                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     25404081.632653                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    12819158.175424                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            6     12.24%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            4      8.16%     20.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            6     12.24%     32.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           17     34.69%     67.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           13     26.53%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        24983940.307358      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                     12640                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14787755.102041                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9253594.631571                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            6     12.24%     12.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            2      4.08%     16.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           13     26.53%     42.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           12     24.49%     67.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            5     10.20%     77.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            3      6.12%     83.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            6     12.24%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       14531798.191432      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   7352                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            4667                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11690.979216                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11599.410278                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       3230.159865                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4660     99.85%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            7      0.15%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              4667                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           2257                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11595.303500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11591.262108                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       316.711142                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2168     96.06%     96.06% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           87      3.85%     99.91% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.04%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            1      0.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             2257                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                4667                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           130098.778659                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          2232058.017877                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                4      0.09%      0.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000              13      0.28%      0.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000              31      0.66%      1.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000              67      1.44%      2.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000              92      1.97%      4.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000             157      3.36%      7.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000             168      3.60%     11.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000             242      5.19%     16.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000             307      6.58%     23.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000             385      8.25%     31.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000             357      7.65%     39.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000             338      7.24%     46.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000             339      7.26%     53.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000             191      4.09%     57.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000             164      3.51%     61.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000             107      2.29%     63.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000              88      1.89%     65.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000              74      1.59%     66.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000             85      1.82%     68.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              1457     31.22%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              5000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         149620000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  4667                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2262                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         271339.964633                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3415188.350194                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.04%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             4      0.18%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.04%      0.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            10      0.44%      0.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            32      1.41%      2.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            29      1.28%      3.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            43      1.90%      5.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            64      2.83%      8.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            52      2.30%     10.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            70      3.09%     13.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            72      3.18%     16.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            85      3.76%     20.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           101      4.47%     24.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            72      3.18%     28.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            39      1.72%     29.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            30      1.33%     31.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            21      0.93%     32.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           140      6.19%     38.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           45      1.99%     40.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1351     59.73%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value            6000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       160173000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2262                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  6929                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             87627.507577                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1814712.553886                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      2      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 12      0.17%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                33      0.48%      0.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                73      1.05%      1.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000               139      2.01%      3.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000               247      3.56%      7.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000               319      4.60%     11.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000               363      5.24%     17.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000               534      7.71%     24.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000               618      8.92%     33.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000               740     10.68%     44.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000               770     11.11%     55.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000               730     10.54%     66.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000               742     10.71%     76.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000               486      7.01%     83.82% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000               379      5.47%     89.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000               306      4.42%     93.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000               158      2.28%     95.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               114      1.65%     97.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000               59      0.85%     98.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                 105      1.52%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                4000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           149415000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    6929                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.183673                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.391230                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0               40     81.63%     81.63% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                9     18.37%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0              49    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            93.591837                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           49.679774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-7                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-15                    1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-79                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-87                   2      4.08%     26.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::88-95                   4      8.16%     34.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-103                  1      2.04%     36.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::104-111                 3      6.12%     42.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-119                 7     14.29%     57.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::120-127                 8     16.33%     73.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-135                 7     14.29%     87.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::136-143                 5     10.20%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-151                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           45.326531                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev          27.200940                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-7                    9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-15                   1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-31                  1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-39                  5     10.20%     32.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::40-47                  9     18.37%     51.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::48-55                  6     12.24%     63.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::56-63                  8     16.33%     79.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::64-71                  3      6.12%     85.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::72-79                  1      2.04%     87.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::80-87                  3      6.12%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::88-95                  2      4.08%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::96-103                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4702                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.787963                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.280727                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev     10.482546                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4694     99.83%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            8      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          4702                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2233                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.471115                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.562966                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    14.196117                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2226     99.69%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            7      0.31%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2233                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     26361224.489796                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    12842845.224847                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            6     12.24%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     12.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            5     10.20%     22.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           23     46.94%     69.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           12     24.49%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        25910955.181104      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     13109                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples           49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    15575510.204082                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11882945.247501                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            7     14.29%     14.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     14.29% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            8     16.33%     30.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           19     38.78%     69.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            9     18.37%     87.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            1      2.04%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            2      4.08%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total             49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       15320452.636260      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   7751                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            4702                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11715.099957                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11610.687479                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       3456.848217                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4694     99.83%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            8      0.17%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              4702                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           2226                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11595.867026                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11592.275946                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       292.714515                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2127     95.55%     95.55% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           98      4.40%     99.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             2226                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                4702                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           128138.877074                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          2196477.153449                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                3      0.06%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000              15      0.32%      0.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000              39      0.83%      1.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000              68      1.45%      2.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000             140      2.98%      5.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000             176      3.74%      9.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000             202      4.30%     13.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000             242      5.15%     18.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000             221      4.70%     23.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000             310      6.59%     30.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000             340      7.23%     37.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000             236      5.02%     42.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000             296      6.30%     48.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000             252      5.36%     54.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000             211      4.49%     58.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000             115      2.45%     60.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000             112      2.38%     63.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000              65      1.38%     64.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000             63      1.34%     66.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              1596     33.94%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              6000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         149084000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  4702                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2233                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         226567.398119                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1120420.699539                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              3      0.13%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             2      0.09%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            11      0.49%      0.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            12      0.54%      1.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            19      0.85%      2.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            46      2.06%      4.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            55      2.46%      6.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            56      2.51%      9.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            72      3.22%     12.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            50      2.24%     14.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            51      2.28%     16.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            86      3.85%     20.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            38      1.70%     22.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            33      1.48%     23.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            33      1.48%     25.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            26      1.16%     26.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           171      7.66%     34.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           56      2.51%     36.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1413     63.28%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            9000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        38518000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2233                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  6935                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             72952.415285                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            519216.553089                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 12      0.17%      0.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                30      0.43%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                72      1.04%      1.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000               143      2.06%      3.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000               258      3.72%      7.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000               359      5.18%     12.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000               476      6.86%     19.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000               532      7.67%     27.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000               535      7.71%     34.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000               724     10.44%     45.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000               698     10.06%     55.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000               620      8.94%     64.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000               683      9.85%     74.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000               551      7.95%     82.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000               433      6.24%     88.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000               338      4.87%     93.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000               190      2.74%     95.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               127      1.83%     97.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000               47      0.68%     98.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                 106      1.53%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            35370000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    6935                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.163265                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.373438                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0               41     83.67%     83.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                8     16.33%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.020408                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.142857                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0              48     97.96%     97.96% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               1      2.04%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            94.285714                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           48.473790                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                   1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                   1      2.04%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                  2      4.08%     28.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 6     12.24%     40.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                10     20.41%     61.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                12     24.49%     85.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 5     10.20%     95.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples               49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           44.693878                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev          24.233417                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-7                    9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-15                   1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-23                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-31                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-39                  2      4.08%     24.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::40-47                  5     10.20%     34.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::48-55                 14     28.57%     63.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::56-63                  9     18.37%     81.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::64-71                  6     12.24%     93.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::72-79                  2      4.08%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::80-87                  0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::88-95                  1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::96-103                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::104-111                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::112-119                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::120-127                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::128-135                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::136-143                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::144-151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::152-159                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        18438                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.924938                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.269362                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      12.258878                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           18395     99.77%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.77% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           43      0.23%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          18438                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9297                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       3.426374                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.550461                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     13.914726                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15           9269     99.70%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           28      0.30%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9297                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples             49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      103816326.530612                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     49770901.584739                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            5     10.20%     10.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            3      6.12%     16.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           39     79.59%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      2.04%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     97.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      2.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total               49                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         102042792.904087      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      51626                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples            49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     63571428.571429                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    30426770.011510                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07            3      6.12%      6.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            2      4.08%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     10.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07           38     77.55%     87.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      2.04%     89.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            2      4.08%     93.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      2.04%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     95.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      4.08%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total              49                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        62963878.045165      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   31855                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            18429                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20208.204460                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20112.825680                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        3614.702536                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-8191                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575        18392     99.80%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            3      0.02%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            0      0.00%     99.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495           31      0.17%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            2      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              18429                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples            9269                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20053.511706                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20051.662815                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        300.689431                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         8765     94.56%     94.56% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527          502      5.42%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            1      0.01%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            1      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total              9269                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                18438                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            33853.861590                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1109468.780260                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  3649     19.79%     19.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2841     15.41%     35.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             2293     12.44%     47.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             1904     10.33%     57.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             1637      8.88%     66.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             1283      6.96%     73.80% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             1024      5.55%     79.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              826      4.48%     83.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000              701      3.80%     87.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000              467      2.53%     90.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000              463      2.51%     92.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000              348      1.89%     94.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000              292      1.58%     96.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000              186      1.01%     97.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              142      0.77%     97.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              124      0.67%     98.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000               61      0.33%     98.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000               31      0.17%     99.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               31      0.17%     99.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              17      0.09%     99.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                118      0.64%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          149083000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  18438                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9297                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          54418.145638                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         434707.287181                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 773      8.31%      8.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             673      7.24%     15.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            659      7.09%     22.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            652      7.01%     29.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            711      7.65%     37.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            674      7.25%     44.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            479      5.15%     49.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            476      5.12%     54.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            479      5.15%     59.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            495      5.32%     65.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            389      4.18%     69.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            320      3.44%     72.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            312      3.36%     76.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            355      3.82%     80.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            230      2.47%     82.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            196      2.11%     84.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            151      1.62%     86.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            188      2.02%     88.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            610      6.56%     94.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            78      0.84%     95.73% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows              397      4.27%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         35402500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9297                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  27735                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              18241.409771                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             179824.685904                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    7825     28.21%     28.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                5488     19.79%     48.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               4097     14.77%     62.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               3072     11.08%     73.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               2380      8.58%     82.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               1623      5.85%     88.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               1147      4.14%     92.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                711      2.56%     94.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                494      1.78%     96.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                288      1.04%     97.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                245      0.88%     98.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 96      0.35%     99.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 53      0.19%     99.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 45      0.16%     99.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 17      0.06%     99.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  4      0.01%     99.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 25      0.09%     99.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  4      0.01%     99.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 12      0.04%     99.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 1      0.00%     99.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  108      0.39%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             17563500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    27735                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.775510                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.941305                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0                24     48.98%     48.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                15     30.61%     79.59% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 8     16.33%     95.92% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 1      2.04%     97.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total            49                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.326531                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.554818                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0               35     71.43%     71.43% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               12     24.49%     95.92% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                2      4.08%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total           49                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                 49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            369.673469                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev           185.319025                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                 38     77.55%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                   49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples                49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean           186.265306                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev           92.702431                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-15                    9     18.37%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-31                   0      0.00%     18.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-47                   1      2.04%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-63                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-79                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-95                   0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-111                  0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-127                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-143                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-159                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::160-175                 0      0.00%     20.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::176-191                 1      2.04%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%     22.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::224-239                29     59.18%     81.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::240-255                 9     18.37%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                  49                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       55102                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      22495                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   55102                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  22495                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                            77597                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                        77597                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                      195389                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                  195389                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                           195389                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                       195389                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                          904339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     177513                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       187387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               177217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       7808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts         9589                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      177217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             288491                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            141033                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              729324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes              68106                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        78084                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      55213                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     22871                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              110326.109901                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              794012.890099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.878004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.121996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            18215                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   107885     57.41%     57.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1953      1.04%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   55213     29.38%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  22871     12.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    187924                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      62                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             521391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 1383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           391155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          391155                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       195012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         195012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst       195012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          195012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       195012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         195012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6714479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6714479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6714479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6714479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6714479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6714479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       195389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       195389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       195389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       195389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       195389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       195389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17810.289125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17810.289125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17810.289125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17810.289125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 17810.289125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17810.289125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5944521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5944521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5944521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5944521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      5944521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5944521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15767.960212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15767.960212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15767.960212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15767.960212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15767.960212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15767.960212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                71                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          192.839384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               9549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            88.416667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   192.839384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.753279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           148540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          148540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        52430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        21217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           24                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        73647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data        73671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           44                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data          268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2890991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2890991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1426500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1426500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       319998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       319998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1084000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1084000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        97500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        97500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4317491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4317491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4317491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4317491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        52623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        21265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        73888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        73939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002257                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.529412                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.529412                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.246269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.246269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.594595                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.594595                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14979.227979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14979.227979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29718.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29718.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9696.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9696.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24636.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24636.363636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17914.900415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17914.900415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16110.041045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16110.041045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2498009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2498009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1330500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1330500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       205502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       101500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1000000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1000000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        95500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3828509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3828509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4034011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4034011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     96714500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96714500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     48197000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48197000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    144911500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    144911500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.529412                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529412                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.067164                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067164                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.581081                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581081                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12943.051813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12943.051813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27718.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27718.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7611.185185                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7611.185185                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11277.777778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11277.777778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23255.813953                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23255.813953                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15885.929461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15885.929461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15052.279851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15052.279851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry               151                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       54563                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      22187                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   54563                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  22187                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                            76750                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                        76750                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                      193216                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                  193216                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                           193216                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                       193216                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                          884955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     175399                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       185017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               175076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       7714                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         9359                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      175076                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             284778                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            139452                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads              720446                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes              67186                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        77205                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      54654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     22551                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              120133.021022                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              764821.978978                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.864250                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.135750                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            17885                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   106385     57.35%     57.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1923      1.04%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   54654     29.46%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  22551     12.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    185515                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      63                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             499120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1669.297659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           386731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          386731                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       192917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         192917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst       192917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          192917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       192917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         192917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5190980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5190980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5190980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5190980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      5190980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5190980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       193216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       193216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       193216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       193216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       193216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17361.137124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17361.137124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17361.137124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17361.137124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17361.137124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17361.137124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4582020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4582020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4582020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4582020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4582020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4582020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15324.481605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15324.481605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15324.481605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15324.481605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15324.481605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15324.481605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                58                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               85                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          184.911911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              12424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           146.164706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   184.911911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.722312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           146834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          146834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        51942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        20918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        72860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           72860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        72876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          72876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2609990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2609990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1483497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1483497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       418000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       418000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1204999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1204999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        61000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        61000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4093487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4093487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4093487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4093487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        52113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        20963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        73076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        73119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.627907                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.627907                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.291667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.291667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.661538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.661538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15263.099415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15263.099415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32966.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32966.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11942.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11942.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28023.232558                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28023.232558                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18951.328704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18951.328704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16845.625514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16845.625514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               37                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2260010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2260010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1392503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1392503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       174500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       174500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       227500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       227500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1122001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1122001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        57000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        57000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3652513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3652513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3827013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3827013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     96342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     48304500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48304500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    144647000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    144647000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002147                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002147                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.627907                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627907                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.661538                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661538                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.002956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.003323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13216.432749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13216.432749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 30944.511111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30944.511111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6462.962963                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6462.962963                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18958.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18958.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26093.046512                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26093.046512                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16909.782407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16909.782407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15749.024691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15749.024691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry               150                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       55019                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      22367                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   55021                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  22367                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                            77386                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                        77388                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                      195126                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                  195126                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                           195126                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                       195126                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                          918356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     177123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       186832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               176700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       7780                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts         9528                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      176700                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             287791                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            140659                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              727457                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes              67971                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        77898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      55108                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     22790                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              118174.309420                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              800181.690580                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.871320                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.128680                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            18124                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   107541     57.39%     57.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1949      1.04%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   55108     29.41%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  22790     12.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    187390                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     132                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              309                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             481898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1559.540453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           390561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          390561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst       194817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         194817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst       194817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          194817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst       194817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         194817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5380486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5380486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5380486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5380486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5380486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5380486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       195126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       195126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       195126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       195126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       195126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       195126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17412.576052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17412.576052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17412.576052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17412.576052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17412.576052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17412.576052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4752514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4752514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4752514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4752514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      4752514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4752514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15380.304207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15380.304207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15380.304207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15380.304207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15380.304207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15380.304207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                59                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.886618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs               5369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.690000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   198.886618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.776901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.776901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           148061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          148061                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        52309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        21090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           23                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        73399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           73399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data        73422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          73422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data          239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2560488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2560488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1536998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1536998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       337999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       337999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       911500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       911500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       118000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       118000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4097486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4097486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4097486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4097486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        52478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        21138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data        73616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data        73661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.488889                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.488889                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.175532                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.175532                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.608696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15150.816568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15150.816568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32020.791667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32020.791667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10242.393939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10242.393939                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21702.380952                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21702.380952                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18882.423963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18882.423963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17144.292887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17144.292887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2216512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2216512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1439002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1439002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       158001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       158001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       159000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       835500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       835500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       110000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3655514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3655514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3813515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3813515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     97242503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97242503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     48273003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48273003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    145515506                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    145515506                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.488889                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488889                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.069149                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069149                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.003245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13115.455621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13115.455621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 29979.208333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29979.208333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7181.863636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7181.863636                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12230.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12230.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19892.857143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19892.857143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16845.686636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16845.686636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15956.129707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15956.129707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry               186                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       54510                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      22185                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   54510                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  22185                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                            76695                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                        76695                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                      192955                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                  192955                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                           192955                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                       192955                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                          875134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     175178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       184793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               174892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       7714                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts         9322                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      174892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             284289                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            139350                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads              719525                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes              67021                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        77115                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      54601                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     22514                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              120205.221495                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              754928.778505                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.862644                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.137356                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            17846                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   106218     57.34%     57.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    1922      1.04%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   54601     29.47%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  22514     12.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    185257                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             462013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1545.193980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           386209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          386209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst       192656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         192656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst       192656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          192656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst       192656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         192656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          299                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5115989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5115989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5115989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5115989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5115989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5115989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       192955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       192955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       192955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       192955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       192955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17110.331104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17110.331104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17110.331104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17110.331104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 17110.331104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17110.331104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4508011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4508011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4508011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4508011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4508011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4508011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15076.959866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15076.959866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15076.959866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15076.959866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15076.959866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15076.959866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                55                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements               99                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          190.325325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              67972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           686.585859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   190.325325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.743458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.743458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           146706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          146706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        51936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        20917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        72853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           72853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data        72871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          72871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2596489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2596489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1486500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1486500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       409499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       409499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       753999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       753999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       111500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       111500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4082989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4082989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4082989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4082989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        52093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        20957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           67                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data        73050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data        73093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.581395                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.581395                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.363636                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.492537                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.492537                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 16538.146497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16538.146497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 37162.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37162.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12796.843750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12796.843750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22848.454545                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22848.454545                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 20725.832487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20725.832487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18391.842342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18391.842342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2277511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2277511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1406500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1406500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       176000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       176000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       219501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       219501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       695001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       695001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       107500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       107500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3684011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3684011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3860011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3860011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     96293500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96293500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     48235502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48235502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    144529002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    144529002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.581395                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581395                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.113636                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113636                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.462687                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462687                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14506.439490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14506.439490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 35162.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35162.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         7040                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7040                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21950.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21950.100000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22419.387097                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22419.387097                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18700.563452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18700.563452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17387.436937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17387.436937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry               148                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                       54644                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                      22252                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                   54647                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                  22255                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                            76896                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              6                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                        76902                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                      193731                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         1                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                  193732                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                           193731                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                       193732                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                          897626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                     175892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                       185553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses               175508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                       7736                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts         9447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                      175508                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads             285709                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes            139715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads              722423                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes              67457                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                        77379                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                      54735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     22644                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              117966.706845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              779659.293155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.868579                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.131421                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                            17997                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                   106775     57.38%     57.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                    1926      1.04%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                   54735     29.41%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  22644     12.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                    186082                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      98                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements              311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             442644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs          1423.292605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           387773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          387773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst       193420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         193420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst       193420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          193420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst       193420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         193420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6070979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6070979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6070979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6070979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      6070979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6070979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       193731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       193731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       193731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst       193731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       193731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 19520.832797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19520.832797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 19520.832797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19520.832797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 19520.832797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19520.832797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst          311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5435021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5435021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5435021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5435021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      5435021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5435021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.001605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17475.951768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17475.951768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17475.951768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17475.951768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 17475.951768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17475.951768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                49                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          194.363661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              63977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           592.379630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   194.363661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.759233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.759233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           147136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          147136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        51978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data        20973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data        72951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           72951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data        72970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          72970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           42                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data          222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data          248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2819482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2819482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1339999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1339999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       752991                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       752991                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1013000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1013000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4159481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4159481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4159481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4159481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        52154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data        21019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data        73173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data        73218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.002188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.577778                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.577778                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.608696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16019.784091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16019.784091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 29130.413043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29130.413043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 15687.312500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15687.312500                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 24119.047619                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24119.047619                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18736.400901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18736.400901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16772.100806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16772.100806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2458518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2458518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1247001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1247001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       179501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       521508                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       521508                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       937000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       937000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3705519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3705519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3885020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3885020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     96333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     48131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48131500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    144464500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    144464500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.577778                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577778                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.565217                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565217                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13968.852273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13968.852273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 27108.717391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27108.717391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6903.884615                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6903.884615                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20860.320000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20860.320000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 24025.641026                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24025.641026                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16691.527027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16691.527027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 15665.403226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15665.403226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry               125                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                       54989                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                      22311                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                   54990                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                  22313                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                            77300                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                        77303                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                      195057                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                  195057                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                           195057                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                       195057                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                          926375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                     177054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                       186721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses               176536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       7751                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         9567                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                      176536                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads             287800                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes            140497                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads              727142                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes              68050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                        77844                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                      55079                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     22765                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              119316.109165                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              807058.890835                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.871201                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.128799                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                            18134                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                   107519     57.40%     57.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                    1946      1.04%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                   55079     29.41%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  22765     12.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                    187311                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     178                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             402977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs          1308.366883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           390422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          390422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst       194749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         194749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst       194749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          194749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst       194749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         194749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5161980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5161980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5161980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5161980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      5161980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5161980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       195057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       195057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       195057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       195057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst       195057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       195057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16759.675325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16759.675325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16759.675325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16759.675325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16759.675325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16759.675325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4532020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4532020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4532020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4532020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4532020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4532020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14714.350649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.350649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14714.350649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.350649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14714.350649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14714.350649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                53                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              109                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.156642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               7196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.018349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   200.156642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.781862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.781862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           147904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          147904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        52242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data        21039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21039                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           29                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           29                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data        73281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           73281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data        73302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          73302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2655987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2655987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1430500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1430500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       703988                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       703988                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       924000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       924000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        88500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4086487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4086487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4086487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4086487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        52415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data        21081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data        73496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data        73542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.001992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.543478                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.543478                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.196429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.196429                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.579710                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.579710                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15352.526012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15352.526012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 34059.523810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34059.523810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15999.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15999.727273                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        23100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19006.916279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19006.916279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17027.029167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17027.029167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               41                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2303013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2303013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1346500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1346500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       188000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       470012                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       470012                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       850000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       850000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        82500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        82500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3649513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3649513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3837513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     96975501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96975501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     48179502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48179502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    145155003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    145155003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.001992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543478                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.098214                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098214                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.579710                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.579710                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13312.213873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13312.213873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32059.523810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32059.523810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         7520                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7520                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21364.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21364.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        21250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16974.479070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16974.479070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15989.637500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15989.637500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry               199                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       56238                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      23219                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   56250                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  23224                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            79457                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             17                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        79474                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                      201028                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                  201032                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                           201028                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                       201032                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                          935853                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                     182978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                       193566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses               183033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       8031                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         9999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                      183033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads             298170                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes            145240                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              751774                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              70125                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        80075                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      56406                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     23669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              103085.937759                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              832767.062241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.889848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.110152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                            18838                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                   112197     57.76%     57.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                    1958      1.01%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   56406     29.04%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  23669     12.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                    194232                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     135                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             359797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs          1110.484568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           402380                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          402380                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst       200704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         200704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst       200704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          200704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst       200704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         200704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5462993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5462993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5462993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5462993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      5462993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5462993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       201028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       201028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       201028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst       201028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       201028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16861.089506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16861.089506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16861.089506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16861.089506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 16861.089506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16861.089506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4809007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4809007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst      4809007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.001612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14842.614198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14842.614198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14842.614198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14842.614198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14842.614198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14842.614198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                63                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.213258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               7425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.804348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   205.213258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.801614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.801614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           152205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          152205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        53436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          53436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        21914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           51                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        75350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           75350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        75401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          75401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2651991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2651991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1436000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1436000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       636492                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       636492                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       799499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       799499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        29000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4087991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4087991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4087991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4087991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        53624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        21957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        75581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        75649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.001958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.132479                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.132479                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.362745                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.362745                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14106.335106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14106.335106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 33395.348837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33395.348837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        20532                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        20532                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 21608.081081                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21608.081081                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 17696.930736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17696.930736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 16483.834677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16483.834677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2272007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       211500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       211500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       393008                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393008                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       726501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       726501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        27000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        27000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3622007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3622007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3833507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3833507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     97503505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97503505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     48214504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48214504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data    145718009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    145718009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.001958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.362745                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362745                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12085.143617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12085.143617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 31395.348837                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31395.348837                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12441.176471                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12441.176471                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 21833.777778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21833.777778                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 19635.162162                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19635.162162                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15679.683983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15679.683983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 15457.689516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15457.689516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry               173                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                       61602                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                      26641                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        9                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       3                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                   61617                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                  26650                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            88243                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        88267                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                      226899                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                  226902                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                           226899                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                       226902                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         1011851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                     208040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                       223738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses               208188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       8947                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts        14784                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                      208188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads             339221                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes            162650                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              858104                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              85182                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        88789                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                      61904                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     26885                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                   1011851                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                            24762                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                   133627     59.55%     59.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                    1948      0.87%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                21      0.01%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                   61904     27.59%     88.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  26885     11.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                    224386                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             331210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           435.229961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           454559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          454559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst       226138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         226138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst       226138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          226138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst       226138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         226138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12205489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12205489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12205489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12205489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12205489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12205489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       226899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       226899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       226899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       226899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst       226899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       226899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16038.750329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16038.750329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16038.750329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16038.750329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16038.750329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16038.750329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10674511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10674511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10674511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10674511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10674511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10674511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.003354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14026.952694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14026.952694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14026.952694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14026.952694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14026.952694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14026.952694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                86                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          245.263523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              11655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.718310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   245.263523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.958061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           169806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          169806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        58720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          58720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data        25172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           92                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           92                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        83892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           83892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        83984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          83984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3304996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3304996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3270498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3270498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       230000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       230000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       662000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       662000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6575494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6575494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6575494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6575494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        58967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        58967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data        25269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          209                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        84236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        84236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        84341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        84341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.003839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003839                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.123810                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.123810                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.076555                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076555                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.171569                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.171569                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13380.550607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13380.550607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33716.474227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33716.474227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        14375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14375                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18914.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18914.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 19114.808140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19114.808140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18418.750700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18418.750700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2808004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2808004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3074502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3074502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       212000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       592000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5882506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5882506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6094506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6094506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     97927503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97927503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     48661002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48661002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data    146588505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    146588505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.003839                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003839                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.123810                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123810                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014354                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.171569                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171569                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11368.437247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11368.437247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31695.896907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31695.896907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16307.692308                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16307.692308                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  4333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4333.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16914.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16914.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17100.308140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17100.308140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17071.445378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17071.445378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry               177                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 505925000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44671737.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44711654.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -1664409.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       1935360.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -30135696.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       30162624.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -1122816.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       1305600.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -169563763.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       169699545.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3839846.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       5090841.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -76587171.840000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       76666798.080000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -515911.680000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       673090.560000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -80839941488.639969
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       81119131852.800003
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -80839941488.639969
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       81119131852.800003
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -23968165587.840004
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       24049621560.959999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -23591290835.520004
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       23693837538.239990
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -260524749216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       261425659872.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -260855341104.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       261737751120.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.000506
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       7354489.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       28696400.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       809207.415607
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       18893199.812185
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1447150.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       773111.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       209.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       151801.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       121282.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       447700.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       397491.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       186689.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       87201.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1449177.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       894201.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       2356249.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       1410487.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       1148596.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       599119.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       145.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       63481.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       60.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1447150.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       773111.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       209.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       1593409.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       1593401.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       2988.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       426467.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       173649.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       630376.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       52.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1474.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       409.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       117133
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       34.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       28.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       3072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       66.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       448.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       238.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       2129.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       160.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       308.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18407.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       9269.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       2.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       10066.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       10072.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       18516.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       8352.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       8312.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       8.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
