sim_seconds                                  0.168447                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                168446892000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4260828450500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5860703                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6550851                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1360041046                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   123.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   725872995                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     811350854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2117632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2097920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4265472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        49920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       136704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        136704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             16662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       170214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12571511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       112463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12454489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            25322355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       170214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       112463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         296355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        811555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             811555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        811555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       170214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12571511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       112463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12454489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           26133911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     16662                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  133296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4272                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4258112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  7360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                136448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4265472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             136704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  230                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           18553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           18409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           17528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           15196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           13514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           14016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           17514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           18336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                168446540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              133296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4272                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 16636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 16630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 16629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 16629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 16629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 16630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 16631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 16631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        17514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.916981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.982302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.190216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          232      1.32%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           78      0.45%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      1.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           38      0.22%      2.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           76      0.43%      2.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          226      1.29%      3.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16824     96.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        17514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   745.494382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   401.048302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   725.609039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     11.80%     11.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           21     11.80%     23.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      8.43%     32.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.25%     34.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.25%     36.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.49%     41.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      4.49%     45.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.81%     48.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.81%     51.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.25%     53.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      5.06%     58.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.37%     61.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.93%     65.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.69%     67.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.81%     70.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.25%     72.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.56%     73.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.12%     74.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.56%     74.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.81%     77.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.81%     80.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.12%     81.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.12%     82.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.81%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.25%     87.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.12%     88.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.69%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.56%     91.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.69%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.56%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.56%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.56%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.12%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.12%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.56%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.56%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3648-3711            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3775            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.955056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.945393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.599625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.56%      0.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            177     99.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3883206956                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6138675656                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                425811200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29182.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46132.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      25.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   25.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 116265                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3551                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  9795681.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152293764820                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1351355956                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          10906963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          10668067.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          9730627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          11258956.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          7357872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          7196712.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          6564312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               7595328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         55150118.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1             52825344                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         46850419.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         55515033.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        10577018.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        10659962.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2            10378368                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        10822533.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      6496536787.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      6497032550.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      6491853685.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      6506500970.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       71044512384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       71044077504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       71048620368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       71035771872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        99659964814.079987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        99657383810.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        99648921450.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        99662388364.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.916944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.914926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.908310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.918839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2134272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2217216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4384000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        20480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       148480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        148480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             17125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        42553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        65350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12670296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        27356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        45593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     13162701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            26026007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        65350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        45593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         121581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        881465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             881465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        881465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        42553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        65350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12670296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        27356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        45593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     13162701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           26907472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     17125                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  137000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   4640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4377280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                148480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4384000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             148480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  210                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           16240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           16784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           14408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           18417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           16641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           20880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           16600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           16820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                168455835000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              137000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               4640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 17095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 17088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 17088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 17088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 17088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 17088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 17088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 17087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        18023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.110248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.217918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.800018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      1.38%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.32%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.21%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           38      0.21%      2.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           58      0.32%      2.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      1.34%      3.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17340     96.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        18023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   699.948454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   363.996830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   661.579862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           28     14.43%     14.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.89%     27.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.67%     32.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.06%     35.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.09%     38.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      2.06%     40.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.09%     43.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.61%     46.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      5.67%     52.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.09%     55.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.09%     58.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.58%     61.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.58%     63.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.12%     68.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.58%     70.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.58%     73.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.06%     75.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.06%     77.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.55%     78.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.06%     80.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.55%     82.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.55%     84.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.58%     86.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.55%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.06%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.52%     90.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.52%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.03%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.52%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.55%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.03%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.03%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.52%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.52%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.52%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.917526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.899888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.810170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.03%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            192     98.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 3995144437                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6313734937                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                437728000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29206.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46156.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      25.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   26.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 119542                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3865                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  9514591.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152240149554                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1404971222                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          10374134.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          10155196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          11084169.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          10531382.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               6998424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               6850728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               7477416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               7104504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         51898329.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         50389747.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         55128153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3             51876864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10394542.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        10135756.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        10706826.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        10262246.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      6492756510.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      6492611283.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      6503412957.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      6498631359.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       71047828416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       71047955808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       71038480656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       71042675040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        99655174027.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        99653022191.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        99661213848.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        99656005066.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.913199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.911516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.917921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.913848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2156288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        31744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2171392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4394752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        31744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        67072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       156672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        156672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             17167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       199089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12800996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       188451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12890662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            26089837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       199089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       188451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         398179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        930097                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             930097                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        930097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       199089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12800996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       188451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12890662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           27019935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     17168                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      612                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  137344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   4896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4388224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  6784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                156928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4395008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             156672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           17089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           17218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           16377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           18097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           15736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           15898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           18818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           17899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                168447748000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              137344                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               4896                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 17151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 17139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 17139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        18122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.808520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.783893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.471324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          250      1.38%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           63      0.35%      1.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           49      0.27%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.08%      2.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           51      0.28%      2.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           62      0.34%      2.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      1.29%      3.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17399     96.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        18122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   665.346341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   365.901079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   651.420982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     10.73%     10.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           34     16.59%     27.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.90%     31.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.39%     35.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.41%     39.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      5.85%     44.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.39%     49.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.90%     53.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.39%     57.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.49%     58.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            2      0.98%     59.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.90%     62.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.90%     66.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.93%     69.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.90%     73.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.93%     76.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.49%     77.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.98%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      3.90%     81.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.46%     83.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.93%     86.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.46%     87.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.44%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      1.95%     92.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.46%     93.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.49%     94.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.49%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.49%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.49%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.49%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.49%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.49%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.49%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.49%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.49%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.49%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.921951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.908838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.709706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.49%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.49%      0.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.49%      1.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            202     98.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 3977106282                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6301493682                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                438822400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29002.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              45952.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      26.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   26.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 119848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  9474001.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152232969033                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1412865328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          10566460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1              10574928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          10098950.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          11289196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               7128168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               7133880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               6812784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               7615728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         52763942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         52959129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         49292006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         55591910.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        10586972.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        10261831.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        10195891.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        10912112.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      6494679207.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      6494980440.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      6496325841.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      6507214355.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       71046141840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       71045877600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       71044697424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       71035146096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        99656790261.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        99656711480.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2         99652346568                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        99662693069.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.914462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.914401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.910988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.919077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2145024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        27904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4377600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        27904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        42496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       164608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        164608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        79028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12734126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        18237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       165655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12969690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            25988013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        79028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       165655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         252281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        977210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             977210                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        977210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        79028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12734126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        18237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       165655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12969690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           26965223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17100                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      643                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  136800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4370400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                  7200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                164608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4377600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             164608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           16881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           16569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           16312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           15617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           15424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           19112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           17369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                168442879000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              136800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                   25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.552928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.211672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.293419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          268      1.48%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.40%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.22%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.06%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.22%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           73      0.40%      2.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261      1.44%      4.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17335     95.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   631.809302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   351.032512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   590.045077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           32     14.88%     14.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           24     11.16%     26.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.65%     30.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.19%     34.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.65%     39.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.12%     44.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.33%     46.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.33%     49.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.65%     53.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.65%     58.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.19%     62.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.19%     66.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.26%     70.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.79%     73.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.26%     76.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.33%     78.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.86%     80.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.93%     81.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.79%     84.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.86%     86.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.93%     86.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.40%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.86%     90.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.86%     92.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.40%     93.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.93%     94.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.47%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.47%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            3      1.40%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.47%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.47%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      0.93%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.47%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3136-3199            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.925581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.909648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.769784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.93%      0.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            213     99.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4003627339                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6318573589                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                437040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29314.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46264.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      25.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   25.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 119335                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4284                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  9493483.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152236779714                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1408341062                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0              10550736                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          10210233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          10906358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3              11575872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               7117560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               6887856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               7357464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               7809120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         52640140.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         50189068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         53473305.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         56820441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        10610196.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        10391224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        10968514.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        11483182.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      6494469793.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      6494536333.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      6503306581.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      6508878664.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       71046325536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       71046267168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       71038573968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       71033686176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        99656637633.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        99653405554.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        99659509862.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        99665177126.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.914343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.911816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.916589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.921019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2133248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2170112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4353024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        27136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       160512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        160512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             17004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       161095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12664217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       126141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12883063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            25842115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       161095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       126141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         293315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        952894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             952894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        952894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker         1520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       161095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12664217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       126141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12883063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           26795009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     17004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      627                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  136032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4344224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  8800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                160256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4353024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             160512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           16266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           17121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           16369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           16530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           17172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           15992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           18131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                168478042000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              136032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 16970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 16961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 16961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 16961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        17968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.694568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.410898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.016073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          266      1.48%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.39%      1.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.19%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.19%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.39%      2.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          253      1.41%      4.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17233     95.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        17968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   644.633333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   376.610164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   577.757448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           20      9.52%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     13.81%     23.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.76%     28.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      3.81%     31.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           11      5.24%     37.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.33%     40.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      5.24%     45.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.29%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      1.90%     51.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           12      5.71%     57.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      4.76%     62.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.29%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.90%     68.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.86%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.86%     74.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.33%     77.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.38%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.86%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.95%     83.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.86%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.90%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.90%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.48%     90.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.43%     92.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.90%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.95%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.48%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.95%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.48%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.48%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.48%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      0.95%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.847619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.815358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.096152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.90%      1.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            206     98.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 3937546673                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            6238627823                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                434422400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29004.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              45954.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      25.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   25.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     7.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 118632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4165                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  9555784.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152245544953                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1399575823                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          9826790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          10504771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          10418284.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          10712822.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               6629184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1          7086552.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               7028208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               7226904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         49107302.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         52472908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         51159513.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         52272230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        9930470.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        10251878.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        10460897.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        10623467.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      6487194277.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      6495430841.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2        6497363880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      6503336732.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       71052707568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       71045482512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       71043786864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       71038547520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        99650319263.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        99656153134.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        99655141318.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        99657643346.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.909403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.913964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.913173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.915129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2197504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2251264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4497664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        44288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       163840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        163840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             17569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        15198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       109423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     13045679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       141338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     13364830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        12158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            26700784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       109423                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       141338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        12158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         262920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        972651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             972651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        972651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        15198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       109423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     13045679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       141338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     13364830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        12158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           27673434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     17569                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      640                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  140552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4491712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  5952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                163488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4497664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             163840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           16008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           19826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           17394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           19457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           15553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           17216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           16944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           17968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                168449462000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              140552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 17550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 17544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        18556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.873033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.931632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.244192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      1.34%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.38%      1.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           48      0.26%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.06%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           48      0.26%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.38%      2.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      1.30%      3.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17818     96.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        18556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   656.065728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   369.019825                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   590.616647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     10.80%     10.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           33     15.49%     26.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.16%     31.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.35%     33.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.29%     37.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.16%     42.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.23%     46.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.88%     48.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.29%     51.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.23%     55.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.23%     60.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      4.69%     64.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.23%     69.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.41%     70.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.88%     72.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.82%     75.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.94%     76.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      3.76%     79.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.47%     80.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.88%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            7      3.29%     85.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.88%     87.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      2.82%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.94%     91.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.94%     92.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.94%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.94%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.47%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            6      2.82%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.94%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            2      0.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.985915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.984959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.205557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.47%      0.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            212     99.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 4087067512                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            6466271212                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                449171200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29117.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46067.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      26.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   26.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 122665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  9250890.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152203729836                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1442034025                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          10684396.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          11001916.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          10579161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          11000707.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               7207728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               7421928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               7136736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          7421112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         53966515.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         55311859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         51902822.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         54361881.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        10247316.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        10490757.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        10842854.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        10527252.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      6496668334.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      6500299553.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      6498396610.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      6503901770.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       71044396992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       71041211712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       71042880960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       71038051872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        99658094952.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        99660661396.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        99656662815.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        99660188266.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.915482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.917489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.914363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.917119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2056192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        40192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2105344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4237568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        33024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        40192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       168448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        168448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             16553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       196050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12206767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       238603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12498562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         6079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            25156700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       196050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       238603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         445292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1000007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1000007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1000007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       196050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12206767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       238603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12498562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         6079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           26156707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     16553                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  132424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5264                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4230912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  6656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                168192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4237568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             168448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           16313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           17040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           17417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           19265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           14656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           15042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           16745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           15738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                168447699000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              132424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5264                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 16525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 16518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 16519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 16519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 16519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 16519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 16519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 16520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        17570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.375868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.841993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.823083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          271      1.54%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.42%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           39      0.22%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.05%      2.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.22%      2.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           74      0.42%      2.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261      1.49%      4.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16805     95.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        17570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   599.745455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   368.374799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   510.299875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           22     10.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     11.82%     21.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.45%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.18%     30.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.55%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      5.45%     40.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      5.00%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      2.73%     48.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.09%     52.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           13      5.91%     58.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           14      6.36%     64.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           14      6.36%     70.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.09%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      4.09%     79.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.73%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.27%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.91%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.45%     85.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.82%     87.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.27%     89.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.36%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.91%     91.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.82%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.91%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.45%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.91%     95.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.45%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.91%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.45%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.91%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.45%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.890909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.875437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.780416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.45%      0.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.45%      0.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.91%      1.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.45%      2.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            215     97.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3851303707                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            6092364907                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                423091200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29128.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46078.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      25.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   25.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 115531                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4371                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  9787211.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152274081759                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1371122102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          10044518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          11296454.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          9612691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          10337846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               6776064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               7620624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          6484752.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               6973944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         50101708.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1             56719104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         46636761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         50480601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        10208747.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        10756177.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        9947059.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        10314915.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      6489079983.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      6502329172.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      6492084275.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      6499079953.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       71051053440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       71039431344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       71048418096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       71042281536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        99652188132.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        99663076547.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        99648107305.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        99654392468.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.910864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.919377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.907674                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.912588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2092800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2092800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4232192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        46592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       150272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        150272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             16532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       106384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12424094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       156536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12424094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        13678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            25124785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       106384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       156536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        13678                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         276598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        892103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             892103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        892103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       106384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12424094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       156536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12424094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        13678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           26016888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     16532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      587                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  132256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   4696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4226528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  5664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                150016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4232192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             150272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  177                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           17314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           15465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           17392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           16361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           17112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           16995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           14912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           16528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                168449948000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              132256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               4696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 16500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 16493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 16493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 16493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.776072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.635684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.686618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          250      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.35%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           43      0.25%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.05%      2.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.24%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           63      0.36%      2.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      1.34%      4.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16751     95.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   667.750000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   388.448764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   574.919164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           19      9.69%      9.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.76%     22.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      7.65%     30.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.06%     33.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.55%     35.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.55%     38.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      5.61%     43.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      5.61%     49.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.06%     52.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      1.02%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      4.08%     57.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.57%     61.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.59%     65.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.57%     69.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.08%     73.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      1.02%     74.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.04%     76.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.53%     78.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      4.08%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.51%     82.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      3.06%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.02%     86.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.04%     88.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.04%     90.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.02%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.02%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.02%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.02%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      2.04%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.51%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.02%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.918367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.900908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.806047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.02%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     98.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3855964462                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6094703512                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                422652800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29194.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46144.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      25.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   25.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     7.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    30.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 115422                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3893                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              82.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  9839940.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152283977607                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1361656254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          10241078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          10146124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          10379577.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          10262851.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               6908664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               6844608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               7002096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3          6923352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         51000268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         50166105.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         50942860.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3             49855104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        10338140.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        10219115.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        10318233.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        10480803.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      6491315076.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      6493041875.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      6498750758.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      6498316555.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       71049092832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       71047578096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       71042570304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       71042951184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        99653819730.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        99652919595.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        99654887500.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        99653713520.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.912140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.911436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.912975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.912057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2164480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2169600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4377600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        38912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       157440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        157440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             17100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        12158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       117022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12849629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       107903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12880024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            25988013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       117022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       107903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         231005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        934657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             934657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        934657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        12158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       117022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12849629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       107903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12880024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           26922669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     17100                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  136800                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4920                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4368864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  8736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                156928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4377600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             157440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           16480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           17529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           17178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           18512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           14585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           17080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           16858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           18305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                168456660000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              136800                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4920                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 17066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 17059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 17059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 17059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 17061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 17061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 17061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 17061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        18048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.764184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.498787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.867149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          272      1.51%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.32%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.22%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.23%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           56      0.31%      2.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261      1.45%      4.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17318     95.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        18048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   660.912195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   384.087759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   551.416591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           19      9.27%      9.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           34     16.59%     25.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.90%     29.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.41%     33.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.88%     38.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      1.95%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.95%     41.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.39%     46.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.39%     50.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.90%     54.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.93%     57.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.90%     61.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.90%     65.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      0.98%     66.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      4.88%     71.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.44%     73.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.46%     75.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.93%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      4.39%     82.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.95%     84.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.44%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.46%     88.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.49%     88.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.44%     91.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.98%     92.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.95%     94.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.46%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.46%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.49%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.49%     98.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.98%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.921951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.908838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.709706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.49%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.49%      0.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.49%      1.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            202     98.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3969713082                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            6283845732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                436886400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29076.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46026.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      25.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   25.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 119298                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4085                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  9509266.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152241916899                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1403203877                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0              10426752                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          10935388.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          10221724.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          10832572.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               7033920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               7377048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               6895608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               7307688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0             51999168                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1             54899520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         50163110.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3             52835328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        10480803.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        10467532.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        10381685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        10815897.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      6493067976.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      6499344689.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      6495269909.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      6503593478.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       71047555200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       71042049312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       71045623680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       71038322304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        99655487491.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        99659997161.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        99653479389.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        99658630939.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.913444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.916970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.911874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.915901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2075648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2105856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4232960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       134400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        134400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             16535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       147417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12322270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       142858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12501602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            25129345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       147417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       142858                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         305473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        797878                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             797878                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        797878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       147417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12322270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       142858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12501602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           25927222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     16535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      525                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  132280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4224096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  8864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                134144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4232960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             134400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  277                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           18025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           16001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           16024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           15433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           18204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           15184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           17937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           15195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                168447651000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              132280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.833957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.727042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.545186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.33%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           43      0.25%      2.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.24%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           57      0.33%      2.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      1.36%      3.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16683     96.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   742.698864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   379.908542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   724.762854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     11.93%     11.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     17.05%     28.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      5.11%     34.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.57%     34.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.27%     36.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.14%     38.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.98%     42.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      5.11%     47.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.84%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.70%     51.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.41%     55.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.98%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.84%     61.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      4.55%     66.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.70%     68.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      4.55%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.57%     73.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.14%     74.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.41%     77.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.70%     79.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.70%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.41%     84.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.57%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.27%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.27%     89.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.27%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.57%     92.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.57%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.57%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.57%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.57%     94.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.14%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.57%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.57%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.57%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.57%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.57%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3647            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.818182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.785369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.116581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.70%      1.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.14%      2.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            171     97.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3821890122                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6059340972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                422409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   28953.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              45903.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      25.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   25.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 115335                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3485                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              82.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  9873836.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152300895542                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1344635319                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          10316678.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          10265875.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          10507795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          10244102.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               6959664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1          6925392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          7088592.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               6910704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         51746572.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         50708236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2             51999168                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         49878566.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        10162298.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10331504.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        10364682.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        10321966.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      6492901518.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      6494906842.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      6496682068.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      6497941285.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       71047701216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       71045942160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       71044384944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       71043280368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        99654711619.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        99654003681.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        99655950920.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        99653500662.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.912837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.912284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.913806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.911890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        31744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2030336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2046208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4133888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        31744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       167424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        167424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         7931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             16148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       188451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12053271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       133739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12147496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            24541195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       188451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       133739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         331309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        993928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             993928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        993928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       188451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12053271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         6079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       133739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12147496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           25535122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     16148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      654                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  129184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4127616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  6272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                167168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4133888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             167424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       283089                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           13281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           16968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           16275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           15672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           17569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           15668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           17312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           16243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                168478281000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              129184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 16123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 16111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 16111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 16111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 16111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 16111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 16112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 16112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        17167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.176734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.415897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.434661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          277      1.61%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           75      0.44%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           37      0.22%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.22%      2.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.44%      2.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          261      1.52%      4.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16398     95.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        17167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   588.730594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   344.705005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   513.933880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     10.50%     10.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           33     15.07%     25.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.48%     31.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.11%     35.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.20%     38.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.02%     43.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.65%     47.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      5.48%     52.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.20%     55.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.57%     60.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.74%     63.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      5.02%     68.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.20%     71.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.20%     74.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.83%     76.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           10      4.57%     80.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      2.74%     83.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.83%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.74%     88.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.91%     89.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.91%     89.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.28%     92.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.28%     94.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.37%     95.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.91%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.46%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.46%     97.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.46%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      0.91%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.853881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.824884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.043381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.37%      1.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.46%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.46%      2.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            214     97.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 3780788996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            5967135596                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                412761600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29311.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46261.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      24.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   24.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 112699                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4346                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 10027275.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152308518858                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1336601918                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0               9697968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          10434614.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2              10556784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          10806566.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               6542280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               7039224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               7121640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               7290144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         48145843.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         51555379.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         51955238.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         52629158.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        9946644.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        10432281.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10516469.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        10922065.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      6486352355.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      6496283926.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      6497964924.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      6502679599.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       71053446096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       71044734192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       71043259632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       71039123952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        99649054857.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        99655403287.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        99656298359.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        99658375156.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.908415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.913378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.914078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.915701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2166016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        37632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2144256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4385536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        37632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       166656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        166656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             17131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       211248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12858747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       223406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12729567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            26035126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       211248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       223406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         443772                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        989368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             989368                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        989368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       211248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12858747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       223406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12729567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           27024494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     17131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  137048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4376960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  8576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                166144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4385536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             166656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  268                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           16784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           16993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           16552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           15865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           16179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           18460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           16786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           19161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                168455632000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              137048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 17090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 17080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 17079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        18105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.930903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.842815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.382154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          259      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67      0.37%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           32      0.18%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           31      0.17%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           66      0.36%      2.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          248      1.37%      3.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17397     96.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        18105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   625.775229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   359.641068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   547.678393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     11.47%     11.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     13.76%     25.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.50%     30.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.29%     33.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.75%     35.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.75%     38.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.59%     43.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           14      6.42%     49.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.67%     53.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      4.13%     57.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           12      5.50%     62.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.67%     66.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.13%     70.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.29%     72.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.83%     74.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.75%     77.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      3.67%     81.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.21%     84.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.83%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.83%     88.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.92%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.29%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.46%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.46%     92.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.92%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.38%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.92%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.46%     95.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.92%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.46%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.46%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.46%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.46%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.46%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.816514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.783170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.125041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.38%      1.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.46%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.46%      2.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.46%      2.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.46%      3.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            211     96.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3971211038                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6289632038                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                437696000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29033.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              45983.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      25.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   26.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 119547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4320                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  9473379.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152239206315                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1405914461                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          10417075.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          10104393.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          10700726.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          11304316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          7027392.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               6816456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               7218744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               7625928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         52337625.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         50573452.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         52642137.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3             55585920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10275102.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        9986457.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        10630517.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        11094589.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      6493161493.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      6491321971.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      6499897853.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      6507101960.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       71047473168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       71049086784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       71041564080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       71035244688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        99655615527.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        99652813185.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        99657577729.919983                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        99662881073.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.913544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.911353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.915078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.919224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2083072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2107648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4254208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        37120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        62976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       153856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        153856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             16618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       220366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12366343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       138299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12512240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            25255485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       220366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       138299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         373863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        913380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             913380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        913380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       220366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12366343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       138299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12512240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           26168865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     16618                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      601                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  132944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4247392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  6816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                153344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4254208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             153856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           45                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           15976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           18467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           16577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           14793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           16490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           15746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           17810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           16872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                168446893000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              132944                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 16582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 16571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 16571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 16571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 16571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 16572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 16572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 16572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        17546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.811353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.624028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.701209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          258      1.47%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.32%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.23%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.24%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           56      0.32%      2.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      1.38%      3.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16847     96.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        17546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   661.570000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   360.936364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   625.375035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           54     27.00%     27.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      8.00%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           15      7.50%     42.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      4.00%     46.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      7.50%     54.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           18      9.00%     63.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           15      7.50%     70.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           10      5.00%     75.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           11      5.50%     81.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      3.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           10      5.00%     89.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      1.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7      3.50%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      1.00%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      1.50%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      1.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.00%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.50%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4223            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.960000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.951393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.565685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            199     99.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3890222726                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6140013176                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                424739200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29309.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46259.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      25.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   25.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 115988                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              82.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  9782617.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152278419431                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1367038430                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          10667462.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          9930211.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          10253174.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3              10995264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               7196304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1          6698952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               6916824                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               7417440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         53582131.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1             48979008                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2             50182080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         53787302.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        10543841.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10149442.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        10288373.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        10888888.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      6494345743.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      6490665002.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      6497345220.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      6505729856.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       71046434352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       71049663072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       71043803232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       71036448288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        99657693504.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        99651009359.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        99653712575.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        99660190709.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.915169                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.909943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.912056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.917121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2042624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2031616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4113408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        33792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       154880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        154880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         7979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         7936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        19757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       107903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12126220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        77508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12060870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            24419614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       107903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        77508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         200609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        919459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             919459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        919459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        19757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       107903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12126220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        12158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        77508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12060870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           25339072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16068                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      605                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  128544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4840                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4106528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  6880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                154624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4113408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             154880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  215                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           13857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           16504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           17161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           15120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           15769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           15467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           16433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                168447653000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              128544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4840                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.508642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.088570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.490886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          256      1.50%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.42%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.23%      2.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           71      0.42%      2.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          240      1.41%      4.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16292     95.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   634.945274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   365.961482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   573.766618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     12.44%     12.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     11.44%     23.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.97%     29.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.48%     34.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.99%     37.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.48%     40.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.48%     44.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.48%     47.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           11      5.47%     53.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.98%     58.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.99%     61.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           13      6.47%     67.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.48%     71.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.48%     74.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.49%     76.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.49%     78.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.99%     80.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      1.00%     81.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.00%     82.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.99%     85.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.49%     87.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.99%     90.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.00%     91.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.99%     93.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.50%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.49%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.50%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.50%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.50%     96.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.00%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.00%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.50%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.039801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.034375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.564276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            200     99.50%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3736266356                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            5911442906                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                410652800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29114.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46064.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      24.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   24.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 112130                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4021                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 10103020.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152322912377                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1322451484                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          9678009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          10966838.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          9917510.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3              10290672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               6528816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               7398264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               6690384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               6942120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0             47726016                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         54966412.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2             48038016                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         49758758.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        10089308.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10500710.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10371317.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        10590704.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      6488356803.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      6499347096.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      6493704261.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      6498080219.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       71051687808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       71042047200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       71046997056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       71043158496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0         99648990432                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        99660150192.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        99650642215.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        99653744640.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.908364                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.917089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.909656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.912081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2090240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2077696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4207360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       149504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        149504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             16435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       133739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12408896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        89666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12334428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            24977368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       133739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        89666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         232524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        887544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             887544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        887544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       133739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12408896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        89666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12334428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           25864912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     16435                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  131480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   4672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4199424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                149504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4207360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             149504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           15873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           15033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           18409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           15600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           15217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           17938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           15680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           17482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                168456190000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              131480                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               4672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 16389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 16381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        17328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.976916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.014406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.131922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      1.37%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68      0.39%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           34      0.20%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           36      0.21%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           66      0.38%      2.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          227      1.31%      3.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16656     96.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        17328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   672.861538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   368.036723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   600.468851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     12.82%     12.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     13.33%     26.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      7.18%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.05%     35.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.05%     37.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.03%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      5.13%     43.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      4.10%     47.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.08%     50.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      1.03%     51.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.62%     56.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.10%     60.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      4.10%     64.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      5.13%     69.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.05%     71.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.05%     73.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.10%     77.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.54%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.03%     80.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.59%     84.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.54%     85.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.05%     87.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.51%     88.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.03%     89.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            7      3.59%     92.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.51%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      2.05%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.51%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.51%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.958974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.953928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.452210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            193     98.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3800076408                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6024458808                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                419942400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   28956.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              45906.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      24.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   24.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 114684                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  3892                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  9898125.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152294470702                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1350650074                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          9731836.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1              10565856                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          10315468.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          10518681.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               6565128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               7127760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               6958848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               7095936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         48341030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         52540300.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         50629363.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         51761049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        9940008.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10457579.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2            10378368                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        10281738.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      6488439704.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      6495392044.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      6496018424.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      6500147212.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       71051615088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       71045516544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       71044967088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       71041345344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        99649556467.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        99656523755.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        99654191231.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        99656073632.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.908807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.914254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.912430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.913902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2134784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2147072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4350720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        30208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        68352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       153344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        153344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             16995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       179332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     12673336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       215807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     12746284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            25828437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       179332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       215807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         405778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        910340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             910340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        910340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       179332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     12673336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       215807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     12746284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           26738778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     16995                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      599                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  135960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4343104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  7616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                153088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4350720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             153344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           21402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           16282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           16368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           15344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           18104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           16370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           16705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           15147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                168447333000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              135960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 16971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 16963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 16962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 16963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 16963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 16963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        17911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.029647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.034868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.101484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          250      1.40%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.39%      1.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           27      0.15%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           26      0.15%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           71      0.40%      2.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          237      1.32%      3.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17225     96.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        17911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   677.530000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   389.916957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   627.470986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           23     11.50%     11.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           20     10.00%     21.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      6.50%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      5.50%     33.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.00%     36.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           10      5.00%     41.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.50%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           14      7.00%     51.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.00%     54.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.50%     55.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.50%     61.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.00%     67.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.50%     69.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.50%     73.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.50%     77.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.00%     79.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.50%     82.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.00%     83.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.00%     87.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.50%     88.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.50%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            5      2.50%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.00%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.50%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.50%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.50%     95.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.00%     96.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.00%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.50%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.920000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.912346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.570286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.50%      0.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.00%      1.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.50%      2.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            196     98.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 3927538180                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6228026080                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                434310400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   28938.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              45888.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      25.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   25.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 118609                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3986                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  9574135.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 152250565301                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   14801023800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1394555475                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          11177308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          10155196.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          10513238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3              10336032                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               7540248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               6850728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               7092264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               6972720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         57034099.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         49904524.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         51948748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         50136652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        10304962.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10377953.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        10494489.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        10504028.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      22034923670.399998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      6499111965.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      6494367358.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      6496834682.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      6498123831.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       71042253456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       71046415392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       71044251072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       71043120240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        99662345710.079987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        99652994823.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        99656058166.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        99654117174.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.918806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.911495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.913890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.912372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              267962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             267961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 37                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                37                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              9715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           276603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          59643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          283170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1166619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1166863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1166863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     71284993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     71285481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                71285481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    133981000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4420023500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        37000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        18500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    160297500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    138301500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     29821999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    141585000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       434000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     14305500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           53                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          236                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           33                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          112                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           12                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       105500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1937500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        24500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1270000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         5500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       109000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           108                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          360                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime              148000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            3316500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            53077                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            614705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  614705    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              614705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               79000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 122                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           436255000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              561629                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4575932500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             552035                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             267876                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            267875                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             9715                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          245079                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         38091                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         283170                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              867                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             867                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       150135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       278350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       149302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       278398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       149901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       278408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       149790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         8531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       278386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               1113542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1135616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1112320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1100288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1105920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1129984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1083904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1127936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1089536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1049088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1085952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1123584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1130240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1170432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1139456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1068032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1132032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     17784320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1125120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1126912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1098240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1134080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1090304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1149952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1105664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1069824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1051648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1119744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1125632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1143552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1102848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1143296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     17861120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1152000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1097216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1091072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1129984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1124608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1082112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1072896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1081088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1157632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1177600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1141760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1114624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1112320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     17814272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1117440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1093376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1083648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1087232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1110016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1096448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1148928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1128704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1076480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1082624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1112576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1167872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1169920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1133824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1144832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     17825281                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               71284993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    374976400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2640746542                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     91321000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    343098200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     53327400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    396173430                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1210200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      8521948                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          125                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           31                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        51000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        41400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         3600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          165                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              96000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           29974600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              17743                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           28346400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              17196                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           28971600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              17264                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           28657600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              17120                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           29425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              17595                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           28088200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              17063                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           29790800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              17782                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           29362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              17214                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           28175800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              16673                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          425063400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             299891                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          29700800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             17634                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          29723000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             17717                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          30640600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             18229                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          30097800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             17783                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          28489000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             17019                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          29426600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             17705                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         759746532                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            137943                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         762773002                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            137991                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         761395638                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            138001                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         761528248                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            137978                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       267876                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       267875                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         9715                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       245079                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        38091                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       283170                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          867                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          867                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       278350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       278398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       278408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       278386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      1113542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     17784320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     17861120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     17814272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     17825281                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     71284993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    214300800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1071500000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     38860000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    196063200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     30472800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    226536000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       693600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3468000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           95                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       313400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        16000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   102                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       339100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    120210400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       140407                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    120056800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       140407                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    120024800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       140407                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    120099300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       140408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1301504800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       551913                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2660223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2660222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                37                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               37                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           150767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          274260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         59726                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         333986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            38057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           38057                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1317312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1555407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1291470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1563117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5740707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       852736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    109106416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3108868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       755456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    111726060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3123376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              228762225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1330301120                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24749115547                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        37499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        18500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   4900422507                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    137183892                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     29863499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    140455499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19044967                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    160421497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        18096                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3445                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           63                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         5650                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          139                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          549                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           37                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    296607974                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     44209996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       571000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       836000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    139499500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3512500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       210499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     13772000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       116500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        24525                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3496                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          454799474                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          44536995                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          474669                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3182949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3182949    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3182949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         6416854484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3183072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         108421172                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              3331                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       17955340870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            736366                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         778205968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            778190                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          96032749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2951                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       18970926820                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            728768                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                25                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         782291463                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            782273                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              231                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3879500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              141                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        16844    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        16844    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            16844    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           16844    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    268859                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8188.479317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1684833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    268859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.266604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      348.973577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.521882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.023416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    35.342914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  3758.870167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.473363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    35.457503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  3804.583574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.190541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data     0.159081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     4.173327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    15.582401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   181.127571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.042599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.004314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.458846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.004328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.464427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.022110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21946373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21946373                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       777118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       219367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       780752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       222795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2002871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           150767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                150767                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          776                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          880                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       777118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        220143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       780752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        223675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2004534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       777118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       220143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       780752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       223675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2004534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       131799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       133016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                268796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       135695                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       106973                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             242673                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        18901                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        19190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            38091                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2022                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       133046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       135038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 272069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           99                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       133046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           92                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       135038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                272069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     12666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    237225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17056184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     12167500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    223081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  17204730998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34763069998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    196172500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    200560000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    396798000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1239500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1436500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2676000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    108533500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    159176500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     268147500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     12666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    237225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17164717500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     12167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    223081500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  17363907498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2529500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      35031217498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     12666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    237225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17164717500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     12167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    223081500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  17363907498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2529500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     35031217498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       777217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       351166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       780844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       355811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2271667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       150767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            150767                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       135738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       106992                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           242736                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        18952                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        19222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          38174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2023                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              4936                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       777217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       353189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       780844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       358713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2276603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       777217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       353189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       780844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       358713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           73                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2276603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.569628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.375318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.596408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.373839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.497835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.118325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999683                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999822                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999740                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997309                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998335                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.997826                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.616411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.696761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.663088                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.569628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.376699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.596408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.376451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.497835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.273973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.119507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.569628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.376699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.596408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.376451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.497835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.273973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.119507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127939.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124986.828240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129410.572159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 132255.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126750.852273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129343.319586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128686.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129328.821850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  1445.687019                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  1874.865620                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1635.113919                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    65.578541                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    74.856696                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    70.252816                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 87035.685646                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 78722.304649                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81927.131072                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127939.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124986.828240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129013.405138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 132255.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126750.852273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128585.342629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128686.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       126475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128758.577780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 127939.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 124986.828240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129013.405138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 132255.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126750.852273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128585.342629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 128686.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       126475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128758.577780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          124                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          244                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       131675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       132855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           267876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       135695                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       106973                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        242673                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        18901                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        19190                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        38091                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2022                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       132922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       134877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            271149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       132922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       134877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           271149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7949500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    186407500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15594658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      6955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    180970500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15725377998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31717881498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7390414908                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5825783984                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       278500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13216477392                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1025912000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1041090500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2067002500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     94816500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    136934500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       393500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232144500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7949500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    186407500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15689474500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      6955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    180970500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15862312498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2309500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31950025998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7949500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    186407500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15689474500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      6955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    180970500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15862312498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2309500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31950025998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       866500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       854500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       360499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       750999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1226999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1194500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2511999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.472689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.374965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.513724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.373386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.497835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.258065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.117920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999822                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999740                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997309                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998335                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997826                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.616411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.696761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.663088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.472689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.376348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.513724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.376003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.497835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.273973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.119102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.472689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.376348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.513724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.376003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.497835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.273973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 120446.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118353.968254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118432.944750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122017.543860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119373.680739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118364.969312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117686.956522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       119750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118405.088541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54463.428336                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54460.321614                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        55700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54462.084336                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54278.186339                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54251.719646                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54264.852590                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 76035.685646                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 67722.304649                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        98375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70927.131072                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 120446.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118353.968254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118035.197334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122017.543860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119373.680739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117605.763014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117686.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117831.989047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 120446.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118353.968254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118035.197334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 122017.543860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119373.680739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117605.763014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 117686.956522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117831.989047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        108                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67006                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67006    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         67006                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2464                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2464    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2464                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     101816385.656614                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    40815907.940479                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          503      2.99%      2.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1885     11.19%     14.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         4022     23.88%     38.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         8354     49.60%     87.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1581      9.39%     97.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          350      2.08%     99.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           64      0.38%     99.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            5      0.03%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            5      0.03%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           28      0.17%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           12      0.07%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            9      0.05%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            6      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            3      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            7      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            7      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        101833496.577663      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17153536                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3740299.216338                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11271993.522346                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        14798     87.85%     87.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     87.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     87.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1752     10.40%     98.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.25% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          212      1.26%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           50      0.30%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           25      0.15%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       3744705.482604      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 630784                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           67006                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99744.487061                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98496.173862                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19161.901810                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           71      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           41      0.06%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60405     90.15%     90.32% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1203      1.80%     92.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1233      1.84%     93.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1108      1.65%     95.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1165      1.74%     97.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1166      1.74%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            8      0.01%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          592      0.88%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            5      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            5      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             67006                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               67006                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           2513910.396084                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          1835544.492457                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             67006    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            176000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          18881000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 67006                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2464                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         68369004.464286                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        88960836.160862                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2464    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          188000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       826916000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2464                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 69470                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             2424749.805672                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1782660.551515                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               69470    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              155000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            18881000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   69470                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.040192                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.196416                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            16167     95.98%     95.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              677      4.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             3.977203                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.593030                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                   504      2.99%      2.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  5927     35.19%     38.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                  8344     49.54%     87.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  1922     11.41%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                    62      0.37%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                  10      0.06%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                  26      0.15%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  21      0.12%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   9      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   5      0.03%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   8      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.146105                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.440312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  14798     87.85%     87.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1752     10.40%     98.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    212      1.26%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     50      0.30%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     25      0.15%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      7      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67354                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67354    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67354                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2416                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2416    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2416                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     102342246.497269                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    40755169.983562                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          467      2.77%      2.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1840     10.92%     13.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         3982     23.64%     37.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         8489     50.40%     87.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1544      9.17%     96.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          365      2.17%     99.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           70      0.42%     99.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            8      0.05%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            9      0.05%     99.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           20      0.12%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           14      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            7      0.04%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           11      0.07%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            7      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            5      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        102362375.436408      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17242624                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3668867.252434                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11165521.740338                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        14833     88.06%     88.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1719     10.21%     98.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          218      1.29%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           49      0.29%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           17      0.10%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            5      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       3671756.674501      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 618496                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67354                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99729.151943                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98476.629928                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19132.086002                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           92      0.14%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           26      0.04%      0.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60666     90.07%     90.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1282      1.90%     92.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1258      1.87%     94.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1086      1.61%     95.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1126      1.67%     97.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1212      1.80%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            6      0.01%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          595      0.88%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67354                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67354                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           2500923.464085                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          1821775.700613                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67354    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            186000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          19108000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67354                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2416                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         69718267.798013                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        92925383.154745                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2416    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          173000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       959249000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2416                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 69770                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             2414321.327218                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1768348.491780                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               69770    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              173000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            19108000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   69770                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.039064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.193754                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            16186     96.09%     96.09% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              658      3.91%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             3.997744                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.591589                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                   461      2.74%      2.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  5851     34.74%     37.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                  8443     50.12%     87.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  1933     11.48%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    68      0.40%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                  17      0.10%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                  21      0.12%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  25      0.15%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   6      0.04%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                  11      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.143315                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.436153                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  14833     88.06%     88.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1719     10.21%     98.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    218      1.29%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     49      0.29%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     17      0.10%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      5      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67182    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         67182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2406                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2406    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2406                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     102082355.734980                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    40753495.583221                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          486      2.89%      2.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1830     10.86%     13.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08         4045     24.01%     37.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08         8397     49.85%     87.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08         1580      9.38%     97.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          367      2.18%     99.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           53      0.31%     99.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            8      0.05%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            6      0.04%     99.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           25      0.15%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            8      0.05%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            8      0.05%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           11      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            8      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        102099455.773871      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17198336                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3653668.962242                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11394668.211496                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        14879     88.33%     88.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     88.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     88.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1668      9.90%     98.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          194      1.15%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           78      0.46%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           15      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            6      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       3656559.006147      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 615936                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           67181                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       99541.429869                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98335.593617                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      18745.498274                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           91      0.14%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           35      0.05%      0.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60752     90.43%     90.62% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1177      1.75%     92.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1202      1.79%     94.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1110      1.65%     95.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1096      1.63%     97.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1144      1.70%     99.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            7      0.01%     99.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%     99.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          555      0.83%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             67181                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               67182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           2507336.206127                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          1826856.855759                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             67182    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            142000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          20518000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 67182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2406                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         70006505.818786                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        98243614.603786                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2406    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          176000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1142210000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2406                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 69588                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             2420630.625970                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1776010.541497                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               69588    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              142000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            19257000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   69588                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.039539                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.194880                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            16178     96.05%     96.05% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              666      3.95%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             3.987592                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.592791                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                   476      2.83%      2.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  5881     34.91%     37.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                  8404     49.89%     87.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                  1941     11.52%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    55      0.33%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                  16      0.09%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                  23      0.14%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                  16      0.09%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                  12      0.07%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   3      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                  12      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.142721                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.445104                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  14879     88.33%     88.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1668      9.90%     98.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    194      1.15%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     78      0.46%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     15      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      6      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      4      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67201                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67201    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         67201                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2430                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.895062                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.416483                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.172935                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2429     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2430                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     102109712.657326                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    40960358.216936                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         2368     14.06%     14.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08        12385     73.53%     87.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         1943     11.54%     99.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           71      0.42%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           32      0.19%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           17      0.10%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           10      0.06%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           12      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            4      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        102129851.110580      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17203456                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    3690144.858703                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10947286.984727                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06        14801     87.87%     87.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     87.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     87.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07         1754     10.41%     98.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07          210      1.25%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07           65      0.39%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       3691519.579952      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 621825                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           67201                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99712.705168                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98473.827617                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      19064.577089                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           75      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           33      0.05%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        60597     90.17%     90.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1230      1.83%     92.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1233      1.83%     94.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1160      1.73%     95.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1088      1.62%     97.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1169      1.74%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           11      0.02%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.00%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          594      0.88%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             67201                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               67201                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           2506632.624515                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          1837239.396429                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             67201    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            165000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          18401000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 67201                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2430                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         69320080.658436                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        91567442.275455                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2430    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          187000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       772058000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2430                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 69631                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             2419149.459293                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            1778263.677269                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               69631    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              165000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            18401000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   69631                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.042448                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.201616                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            16129     95.76%     95.76% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              715      4.24%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             3.988661                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.598603                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                   516      3.06%      3.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  5826     34.59%     37.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                  8425     50.02%     87.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  1925     11.43%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                    68      0.40%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                  12      0.07%     99.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                  26      0.15%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  19      0.11%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   8      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                  11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.144146                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.427628                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  14801     87.87%     87.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1754     10.41%     98.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    210      1.25%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     65      0.39%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       268744                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       268744    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         268744                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9716                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.973755                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.853936                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.587000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         9715     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9716                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      408350700.546189                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     386828408.906343                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     145480536.989059                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08          124      0.74%      0.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08         1989     11.81%     12.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08         6076     36.07%     48.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08         5991     35.57%     84.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08         2437     14.47%     98.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08          125      0.74%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08           13      0.08%     99.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09           11      0.07%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            7      0.04%     99.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09           16      0.09%     99.67% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09           19      0.11%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            8      0.05%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            7      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            4      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            8      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            5      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            16844                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         408425178.898522      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   68797952                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     14752980.289717                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    30240683.989296                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        15206     90.28%     90.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          976      5.79%     96.07% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          263      1.56%     97.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          165      0.98%     98.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           68      0.40%     99.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           68      0.40%     99.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           63      0.37%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           13      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            7      0.04%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           10      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           16844                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        14764540.743204      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2487041                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           268742                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108399.639803                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107230.975967                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19091.397358                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          329      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          136      0.05%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       249227     92.74%     92.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         9469      3.52%     96.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         7178      2.67%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375           31      0.01%     99.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         2354      0.88%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             268742                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               268744                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            626794.812163                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           951562.269275                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                   200      0.07%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                49      0.02%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000               62      0.02%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000               71      0.03%      0.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000               56      0.02%      0.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000               54      0.02%      0.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000               51      0.02%      0.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000               59      0.02%      0.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000               80      0.03%      0.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000               72      0.03%      0.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000               67      0.02%      0.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000               51      0.02%      0.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000               66      0.02%      0.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000               43      0.02%      0.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000               61      0.02%      0.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000               56      0.02%      0.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000               55      0.02%      0.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000               49      0.02%      0.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               71      0.03%      0.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              56      0.02%      0.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             267415     99.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            9853500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 268744                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9716                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          17337061.753808                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         23149896.653091                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              7      0.07%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              3      0.03%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              1      0.01%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              1      0.01%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      0.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.01%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             9703     99.87%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        221406000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9716                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 278460                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              604923.120017                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             939512.348635                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                     204      0.07%      0.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  54      0.02%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 64      0.02%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                101      0.04%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 69      0.02%      0.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 59      0.02%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 63      0.02%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                276      0.10%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                319      0.11%      0.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 99      0.04%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                159      0.06%      0.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 81      0.03%      0.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 92      0.03%      0.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 90      0.03%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               3302      1.19%      1.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 72      0.03%      1.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 61      0.02%      1.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 57      0.02%      1.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 82      0.03%      1.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                63      0.02%      1.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               273093     98.07%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              9853500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   278460                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.177808                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.383603                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             13857     82.27%     82.27% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2979     17.69%     99.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 8      0.05%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         16844                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            16844    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16844                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             15.951318                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            15.112325                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             5.679009                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                    467      2.77%      2.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                  7754     46.03%     48.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 7799     46.30%     95.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                  720      4.27%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                   22      0.13%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                   11      0.07%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                   29      0.17%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   15      0.09%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   10      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    3      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                   11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.576288                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.181277                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                 15206     90.28%     90.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1239      7.36%     97.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   165      0.98%     98.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                   136      0.81%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    63      0.37%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  20      0.12%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  10      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                   2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               16844                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    24360654                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    389156                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3108683                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       94                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    20                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                24749810                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3108777                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         27469337                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         389250                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     27858587                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    91189982                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                91189994                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         91189982                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     91189994                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       336893648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   86499094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     86913299                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             69101296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     221221                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     12214340                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    69101296                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           94535982                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          48737105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           333836126                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55306628                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     27484276                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   24361867                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3122409                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                562.009773                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              336893085.990227                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999998                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000002                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15414474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59443910     68.38%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     763      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                24361867     28.03%     96.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3122409      3.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  86928956                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           61804054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         18554.204143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        182383295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       182383295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     91186650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       91186650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     91186650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        91186650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     91186650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       91186650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    266562672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266562672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    266562672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    266562672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    266562672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    266562672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     91189982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91189982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     91189982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     91189982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     91189982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     91189982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 80000.801921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80000.801921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 80000.801921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80000.801921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 80000.801921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80000.801921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    259573328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259573328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    259573328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    259573328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    259573328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    259573328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 77903.159664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77903.159664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 77903.159664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77903.159664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 77903.159664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77903.159664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               172                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           378754                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.564418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18371537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           378754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            48.505196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.564418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.998299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         55487966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        55487966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     23789723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23789723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      2904129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2904129                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          345                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          345                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        33985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        33985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     26693852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        26693852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     26694197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       26694197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       525514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       525514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       170092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       170092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        10969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10969                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        29728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        29728                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       695606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        695606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       695682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       695682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  26245162868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26245162868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9558832491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9558832491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     75441999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     75441999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1331884000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   1331884000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        35500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  35803995359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35803995359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  35803995359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35803995359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     24315237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24315237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3074221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3074221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          421                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          421                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        44954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        44954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        34352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        34352                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     27389458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27389458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     27389879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27389879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.021613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.055328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180523                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.180523                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.244005                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.244005                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.865394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.865394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.025397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.025399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49941.890926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49941.890926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 56198.013375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56198.013375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6877.746285                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6877.746285                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44802.341227                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44802.341227                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 51471.659760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51471.659760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 51466.036722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51466.036722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        73007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            73007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       525514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       170091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       170091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        10897                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10897                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        29728                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        29728                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       695605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       695605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       695681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       695681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  25194008122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25194008122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9218592495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9218592495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8387501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8387501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     45637500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45637500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1272432000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272432000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  34412600617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34412600617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  34420988118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34420988118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1388493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1388493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       852500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       852500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2240993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2240993                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.021613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.055328                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055328                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180523                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180523                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.242403                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242403                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.865394                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865394                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.025397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.025399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47941.649741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47941.649741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54198.002804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54198.002804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110361.855263                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110361.855263                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4188.079288                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4188.079288                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42802.475780                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42802.475780                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49471.468171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49471.468171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49478.120170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49478.120170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8147                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    24470508                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    391198                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3125906                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       98                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    22                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                24861706                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3126004                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         27596414                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         391296                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     27987710                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    91688783                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        13                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                91688796                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         91688783                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     91688796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       336893756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   86939632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     87352381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             69420176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     221155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     12274183                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    69420176                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           95072140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          48950162                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           335481967                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           55576343                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     27611255                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   24471651                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3139604                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              336893755.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         15494434                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 59755893     68.40%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     739      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                24471651     28.01%     96.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3139604      3.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  87367894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           59136476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         20039.470010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        183380517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       183380517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     91685832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       91685832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     91685832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        91685832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     91685832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       91685832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    248345249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    248345249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    248345249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    248345249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    248345249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    248345249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     91688783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91688783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     91688783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     91688783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     91688783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     91688783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84156.302609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84156.302609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84156.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84156.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 84156.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84156.302609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    242192751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242192751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    242192751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242192751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    242192751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242192751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 82071.416808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82071.416808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 82071.416808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82071.416808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 82071.416808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82071.416808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               159                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           382876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.715492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18345205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           382876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            47.914220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   255.715492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.998889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         55774161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        55774161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     23868924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23868924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      2949279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2949279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          217                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          217                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        44757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        44757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4414                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4414                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     26818203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        26818203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     26818420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       26818420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       545882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       545882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       142202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142202                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        10625                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10625                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        29994                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        29994                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       688084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        688084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       688145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       688145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  27165141815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27165141815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7703266496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7703266496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     71523498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     71523498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1350816500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   1350816500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  34868408311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34868408311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  34868408311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34868408311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     24414806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24414806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3091481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3091481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          278                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          278                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        55382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        55382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        34408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        34408                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     27506287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27506287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     27506565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27506565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.022359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.045998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045998                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.219424                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.191849                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.191849                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.871716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.871716                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49763.761793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49763.761793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54171.295031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54171.295031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6731.623341                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6731.623341                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45036.223911                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45036.223911                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 50674.639014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50674.639014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 50670.147005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50670.147005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        77716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            77716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       545882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       545882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       142202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       142202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        10571                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10571                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        29994                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        29994                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       688084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       688084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       688145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       688145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  26073202167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26073202167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7418860500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7418860500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5969502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5969502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     44794000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44794000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1290830500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290830500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  33492062667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33492062667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  33498032169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33498032169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1362992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1362992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       821500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       821500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2184492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2184492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.022359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.045998                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045998                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.219424                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219424                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.190874                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190874                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.871716                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871716                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47763.440024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47763.440024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 52171.280995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52171.280995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 97860.688525                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97860.688525                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4237.442058                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4237.442058                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43036.290591                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43036.290591                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48674.380842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48674.380842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48678.740918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48678.740918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8152                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          188.011384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   188.011384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.734419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.582031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.582031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.582031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.009599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   214.009599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.835975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.835975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.703125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.703125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2087                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1853                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2089                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1853                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             3940                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         3942                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9782                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 17                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9782                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9782                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9782                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       336893808                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1126                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10551                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              18982                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7143                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               41870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4286                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4299                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2177                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2122                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              336809425.991989                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              84382.008011                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000250                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999750                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1828                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7470     63.14%     63.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      56      0.47%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2177     18.40%     82.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2122     17.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     11831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              231                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              22030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            95.367965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            19795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           19795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17320500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17320500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 74980.519481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74980.519481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 74980.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74980.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 74980.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74980.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16858500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16858500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16858500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16858500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16858500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 72980.519481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72980.519481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 72980.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72980.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 72980.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72980.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                30                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               87                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.136001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               7850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               87                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            90.229885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   219.136001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.856000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7991                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7991                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3143500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3143500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       210500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       210500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       115000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.148936                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148936                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.152174                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.152174                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32076.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32076.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41541.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41541.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30071.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30071.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33938.524590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33938.524590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32602.362205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32602.362205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2947500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2947500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       949000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       949000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       200500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         6000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.063830                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063830                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.152174                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152174                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30076.530612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30076.530612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39541.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39541.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        40100                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40100                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14428.571429                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31938.524590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31938.524590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32259.842520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32259.842520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                17                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 168446892000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -499683945.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       671318323.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -337088376.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       452873472.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -2247393907.200001
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       3318791424.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -636413137.920000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       668597483.520000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1224513013800.959961
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1410235114905.599365
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -360608647417.920044
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       415804798258.560059
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -3948410401968.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       4546825596192.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.168447
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       1010681212.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       336809988.005762
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       138532023.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       30910736.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       48835695.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6264135.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       173448323.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       189627104.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       97694410.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       443041.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       138532023.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       182888572.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       25.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       182888547.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       6514.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       48732051.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6167507.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       55850239.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       780548.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1071494.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       312318.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       4868077
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       268742.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       9715.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       283795.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1875530.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       64573.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       267876.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
