sim_seconds                                  0.161089                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                161089073000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4435370511500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4504237                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4848938                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              637359076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   252.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1138421439                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1225542825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1061632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1039616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2057728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4224256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        55808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       147456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        147456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             16501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       154151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6590341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        60389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        58800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        47675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6453672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        74692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12773852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            26223107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       154151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        60389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        47675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        74692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         346442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        915369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             915369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        915369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       154151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6590341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        60389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        58800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        47675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6453672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        74692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12773852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           27138476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     16501                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      576                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  132008                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4608                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4217952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  6304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                147456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4224256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             147456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           18920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           17288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           16856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           14993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           14249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           14576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           16561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           18368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                161116351000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              132008                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4608                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 16474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        17387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.073101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.284868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.722059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          226      1.30%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           66      0.38%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.24%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.24%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.37%      2.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          218      1.25%      3.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16724     96.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        17387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   689.507772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   336.283758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   649.227795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           38     19.69%     19.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           21     10.88%     30.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.18%     35.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.07%     37.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.07%     39.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.63%     43.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      2.59%     46.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      4.15%     50.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.59%     52.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.07%     54.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.11%     58.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.11%     61.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            3      1.55%     62.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.55%     64.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.15%     68.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.59%     70.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.63%     74.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.59%     77.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.07%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.55%     80.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.04%     81.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.04%     82.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.07%     84.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.04%     86.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            6      3.11%     89.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.04%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.52%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      2.07%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.04%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            3      1.55%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            4      2.07%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.52%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.52%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.875648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.858686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.819729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.52%      0.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.04%      1.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.04%      2.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            188     97.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3877957766                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6112154216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                421795200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29420.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46370.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      26.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   26.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 115198                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3834                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  9434698.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145582418598                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1352276645                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0              13807584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          13242700.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          12069388.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          14106355.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               9314640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               8933568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          8142048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               9516192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         73456780.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         68975961.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         61495449.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         73147276.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        11021598.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        11097907.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        10845757.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        11393602.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      7390857320.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      7388991696.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      7382041600.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      7401095596.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       80732576208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       80734212720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       80740309296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       80723595264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        113272893756.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        113267314178.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        113256763164.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        113274713911.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.925959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.922120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.914862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.927211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1151232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1091584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2207744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4507392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       166656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        166656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             17607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        27016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        87405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      7146555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        33373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        49265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        23838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        28605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6776276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        28605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        65156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13705113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            27980743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        87405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        33373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        28605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        65156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         224075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1034558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1034558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1034558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        27016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        87405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7146555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        33373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        49265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        23838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        28605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6776276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        28605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        65156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13705113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           29015301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     17607                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  140856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   5208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4501280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  6112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                166144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4507392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             166656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           16144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           18761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           14217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           18882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           16377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           21137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           17217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           17930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                161104029000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              140856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               5208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 17564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 17558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 17558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 17559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 17561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 17560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 17560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 17560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        18629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.546138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.193197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.319257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          278      1.49%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.38%      1.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           46      0.25%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           46      0.25%      2.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           71      0.38%      2.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          267      1.43%      4.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17843     95.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        18629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   645.165899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   357.210980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   588.644433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           34     15.67%     15.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           17      7.83%     23.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.15%     27.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      5.07%     32.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.69%     36.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.23%     39.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.69%     43.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      5.53%     48.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      2.76%     51.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.61%     56.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      4.61%     60.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.69%     64.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.30%     66.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           13      5.99%     72.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           11      5.07%     77.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.92%     78.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.23%     82.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.30%     84.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.84%     86.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.46%     86.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.92%     87.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.76%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.92%     91.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.92%     92.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.92%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.92%     94.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.92%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.92%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.92%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.46%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.46%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.46%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.46%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.46%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.926267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.913870                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.689942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.46%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.46%      0.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.46%      1.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            214     98.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 4096874046                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6481145796                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                450128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29125.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46075.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      27.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   27.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 122908                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4320                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              82.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  8823750.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145492740977                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1441954266                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          13213670.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          12847161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          14094259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          13396924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               8913984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               8666736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               9508032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               9037608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0             69538560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         67124428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         74082777.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         69633907.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10985103.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        10700190.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        11161359.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        10835804.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      7386790913.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      7385528139.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      7398574427.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      7392948992.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       80736143232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       80737250928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       80725806816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       80730741408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        113267445087.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        113263977209.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        113275087296                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        113268454269.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.922210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.919825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.927468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.922905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            6                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            6                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1094912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2112256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4400384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        71424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       169984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        169984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             17189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       120778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6863681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       157329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        98529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        74692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6796935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        87405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13112348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            27316465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       120778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       157329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        74692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        87405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         443382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1055217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1055217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1055217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       120778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6863681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       157329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        98529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        74692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6796935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        87405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13112348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           28371682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     17189                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      664                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  137512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5312                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4394752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                170496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4400384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             169984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           16706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           17192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           15976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           18018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           16057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           16537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           18224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           18626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0            1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                161100730000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              137512                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5312                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 17148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 17140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 17141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 17141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 17143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 17145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 17146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        18228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.452491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.927428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.694096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          285      1.56%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           69      0.38%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.22%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.22%      2.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.38%      2.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          275      1.51%      4.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17445     95.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        18228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   628.396396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   347.653104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   559.882749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           35     15.77%     15.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     11.26%     27.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      2.25%     29.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.50%     33.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.70%     36.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.15%     39.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.60%     43.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.05%     47.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           17      7.66%     54.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.15%     58.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      4.50%     62.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.05%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.25%     68.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.35%     70.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      4.05%     74.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.70%     77.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           10      4.50%     81.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.35%     82.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.70%     85.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.25%     87.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.25%     90.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.80%     91.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.45%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.90%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.35%     94.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.90%     95.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.90%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.45%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.90%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      0.90%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.45%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            222    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 4015294788                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6343139988                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                439475200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29237.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46187.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      27.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   27.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 120004                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4432                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  9023734.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145514022364                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1420672879                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          13346726.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1              13308624                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          12731644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3              14303520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               9003744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               8978040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               8588808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               9649200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         69889497.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         70156569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         65790566.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         74219059.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        11253841.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        10736271.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        10623467.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        11552855.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      7388703048.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      7387994479.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      7388556727.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      7403197118.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       80734465920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       80735087472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       80734594272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       80721751824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        113268522403.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        113268121080.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        113262745110.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        113276533200.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.922952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.922675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.918977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.928463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1123328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        26112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2183936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4460544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        26112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        52736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        55621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6973335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       162097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       100119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        12713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        25427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6692049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        20659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13557319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            27689923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        55621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       162097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        25427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         327372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1145801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1145801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1145801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         4768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        55621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6973335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       162097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       100119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        12713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        25427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6692049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        20659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13557319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           28835724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17424                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  139392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4451296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                  9248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                184576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4460544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             184576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           16968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           17328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           15914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           15705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           19161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           16096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           17762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                161101201000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              139392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.154975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.407732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.440511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          296      1.60%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           85      0.46%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           40      0.22%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.22%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           86      0.46%      2.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          283      1.53%      4.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17695     95.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   577.622407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   349.257840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   504.514472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           28     11.62%     11.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     11.62%     23.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.15%     27.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           13      5.39%     32.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           12      4.98%     37.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           14      5.81%     43.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      4.56%     48.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      4.98%     53.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           13      5.39%     58.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      4.56%     63.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      4.56%     67.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      3.73%     71.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.32%     74.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.49%     77.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.49%     79.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.07%     81.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.07%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.24%     85.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.49%     87.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.66%     89.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.24%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.66%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.07%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.24%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.41%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.24%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.41%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      0.83%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.933610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.911494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.968112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.83%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            236     97.93%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4085512650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6443308500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                445129600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29370.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46320.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      27.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   27.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 121543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4796                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  8878545.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145485663274                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1449031969                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0              13320720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1              12809664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2              13765248                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          14695430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               8986200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               8641440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               9286080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               9913584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         69976358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         66212889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         71285260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         75967257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        11127767.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        11011645.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        11539169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        12186547.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      7388034261.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      7387087003.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      7397507059.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      7405749970.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       80735052576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       80735883504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       80726743104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       80719512480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        113268357506.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        113263505770.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        113271985545.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        113279884894.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.922838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.919500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.925334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.930768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1122304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1079296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2140160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4414208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        60672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       173824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        173824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             17243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       149383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6966978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        77870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        66746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        55621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6699995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.itb.walker         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        87405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13285569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         4768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            27402281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       149383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        77870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        55621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        87405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         376636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1079055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1079055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1079055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       149383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6966978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        77870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        66746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        55621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6699995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.itb.walker         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        87405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13285569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         4768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           28481336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     17243                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      679                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  137944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4406496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  7712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                173600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4414208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             173824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  241                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        13408                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           18432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           16562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           17793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           16784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           17040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           17554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           15793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           17745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7            1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                161116354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              137944                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5432                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 17201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 17193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 17194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 17195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 17197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 17197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 17197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 17197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        18273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.648279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.271219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.206368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          278      1.52%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.39%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           34      0.19%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.19%      2.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           71      0.39%      2.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          270      1.48%      4.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17515     95.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        18273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   608.455752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   357.884609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   508.081717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     13.27%     13.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           24     10.62%     23.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.54%     27.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.42%     31.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      3.98%     35.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.10%     38.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      3.98%     42.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      3.98%     46.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           20      8.85%     55.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      3.98%     59.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      3.54%     63.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.54%     66.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      3.98%     70.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      3.98%     74.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.21%     76.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.77%     78.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.77%     80.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           10      4.42%     84.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.33%     86.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.33%     87.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.65%     90.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.33%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.44%     92.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.88%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            6      2.65%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.88%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.33%     97.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.44%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.44%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.44%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          226                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.004425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.979328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.068739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.88%      0.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            221     97.79%     98.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.44%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              2      0.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 3981434460                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            6315500310                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                440649600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   28913.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              45863.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      27.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   27.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 120330                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  8989864.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145518037084                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1416658159                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          12657254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1              13326768                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          13191292.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          13484620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               8538624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               8990280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               8898888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               9096768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         66779980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1             69985344                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2             68632512                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         69258009.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        10517299.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        10835804.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        10885985.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        11307340.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      7380938062.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      7389431098.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      7390764406.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      7397336661.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       80741277312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       80733827280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       80732657712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       80726892576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        113262568156.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        113268256199.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        113266890420.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        113269235600.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.918855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.922768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.921829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.923442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1127936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1081600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2173184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4448000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        52736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       172544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        172544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             17375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        81048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      7001940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        92173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        52443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        47675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6714298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       103297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13490574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            27612053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        81048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        92173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        47675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       103297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         327372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1071109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1071109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1071109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        81048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7001940                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        92173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        52443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        47675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6714298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       103297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13490574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           28683162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     17375                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      674                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  139000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4442112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  5888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                172544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4448000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             172544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           29                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           15865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           16760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           15128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           17560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           17482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           18361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                161104254000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              139000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 17355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 17348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        18409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.673910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.454027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.935827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          269      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.33%      1.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           49      0.27%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.05%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           50      0.27%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.33%      2.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          258      1.40%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17651     95.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        18409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   619.377778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   338.597095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   555.996406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           35     15.56%     15.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     12.89%     28.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.11%     31.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.78%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.67%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      3.56%     39.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.44%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           11      4.89%     48.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.44%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           12      5.33%     58.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.00%     62.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.22%     64.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.00%     68.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      4.00%     72.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      4.44%     77.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.67%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.78%     81.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.11%     84.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.22%     87.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.33%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.89%     89.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.89%     90.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.33%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.33%     92.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.89%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.44%     94.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.89%     95.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.89%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.33%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.44%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.44%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      0.89%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.964444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.960066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.421072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.44%      0.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.44%      0.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            223     99.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 4046506878                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            6399438078                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                444211200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29150.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46100.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      27.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   27.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 121304                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4495                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  8925937.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145506051741                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1428755695                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          13536633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          13851129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          13235443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          13923100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               9131856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               9344016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               8928672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               9392568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         71703590.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1             73160256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         68436326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         72478348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        10827924.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        10995056.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        11386967.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        11144355.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      7390857265.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      7394081751.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      7391365122.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      7398704825.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       80732576256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       80729747760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       80732130768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       80725692432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        113270493150.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        113273039593.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        113267342923.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        113273195255.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.924307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.926059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.922140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.926166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1108224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        37376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1028608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2116608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4361216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        37376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        14592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        90624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       178432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        178432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             17036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       157329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6879573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       232021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       104886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        73102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6385337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        90583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13139364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            27073320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       157329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       232021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        73102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        90583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         562571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1107660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1107660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1107660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       157329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6879573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       232021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       104886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        73102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6385337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        90583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13139364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           28180980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     17036                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      697                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  136288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4357120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  4096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                178432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4361216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             178432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           16824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           17665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           17312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           19837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           15320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           15984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           16969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           16249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6            1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                161098654000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              136288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 16971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 16970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 16970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 16972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 16974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 16975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 16978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 16980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                   45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                   45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                   44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        18093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.679931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.373472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.048342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          272      1.50%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           64      0.35%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.19%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.07%      2.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.19%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           63      0.35%      2.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          266      1.47%      4.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17346     95.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        18093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   587.689655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   345.330817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   531.137494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     12.93%     12.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     10.78%     23.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      5.17%     28.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           13      5.60%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.02%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      4.74%     42.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           13      5.60%     47.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      3.88%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           18      7.76%     59.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.02%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      3.88%     66.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      3.88%     70.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.45%     73.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.31%     78.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.02%     81.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.72%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.86%     83.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.59%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.29%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.86%     88.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.29%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.72%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.43%     91.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.86%     92.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.86%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      1.72%     95.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.43%     95.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.86%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.43%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.29%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.43%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      0.86%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.034483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.029779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.525226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3990524105                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            6298436105                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                435712000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29307.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46257.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      27.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   27.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 118999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4644                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  9084681.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145528157608                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1406590428                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          12844137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          14278723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          12154665.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3              13102992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               8664696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               9632472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               8199576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               8839320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         67550246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         75495513.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         62495846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         67286668.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        10802626.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        11260477.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        10437672.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        11058508.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      7382614901.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1        7396986672                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      7383930644.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      7393600160.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       80739809568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       80727202752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       80738655408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       80730173376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        113264145800.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        113276716234.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        113257733437.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        113265920650.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.919938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.928586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.915527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.921159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1048320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1037568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2045440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       165632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        165632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         7990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             16386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       100119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6507704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        92173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        55621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        57211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6440958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12697571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            26040351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       100119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        92173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        57211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         336907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1028201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1028201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1028201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       100119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6507704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        92173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        55621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        57211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6440958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12697571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           27068552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     16386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      647                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  131088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   5176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4187744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  7072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                165632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4194816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             165632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  221                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           17928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           15304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           17184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           16216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           16632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           16344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           14872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           16387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                161125832000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              131088                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               5176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 16333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 16331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 16332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 16332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 16332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 16332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 16334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 16335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.208403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.569129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.200837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          271      1.56%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           77      0.44%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           43      0.25%      2.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           43      0.25%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           78      0.45%      2.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          266      1.53%      4.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16615     95.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   601.865741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   344.675015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   566.023235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     12.04%     12.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     12.50%     24.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.17%     28.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           13      6.02%     34.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.63%     39.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      5.09%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.63%     49.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.17%     53.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.70%     56.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      2.78%     59.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.09%     64.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      5.56%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      1.85%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      3.70%     75.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.85%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.39%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      2.78%     81.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.78%     84.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.85%     86.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      2.78%     89.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.39%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.85%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.85%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.46%     94.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.39%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.46%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.93%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.46%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      0.93%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3648-3711            1      0.46%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.962963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.958403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.429731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.46%      0.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.46%      0.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            214     99.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3831259186                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6049454836                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                418774400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29275.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46225.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      26.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   26.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 114337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  9459627.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145583890247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1350861789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          12940905.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          12819340.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2              13042512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          12878611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               8729976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               8647968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               8798520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               8687952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         67785369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         67011110.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         67612147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         65679244.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        10892620.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        10656645.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        10812579.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        11170897.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      7384261919.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      7385319875.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      7391555602.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      7391434178.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       80738365056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       80737437024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       80731967088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       80732073600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        113264835471.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        113263751588.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        113265648073.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        113263784109.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.920412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.919666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.920971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.919689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1129472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1088256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2164992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4451840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        51712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       163072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        163072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             17390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        92173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      7011475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        17481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        77870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        61978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6755617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       141437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13439720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         7946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            27635891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        92173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        61978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       141437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         7946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         321015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1012310                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1012310                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1012310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        11124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        92173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7011475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        17481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        77870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         6357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        61978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6755617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       141437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13439720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         7946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           28648200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     17390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      637                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  139120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   5096                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4445760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                163072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4451840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             163072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           17568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           17232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           16840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           19564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           15889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           17161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           16266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           18410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                161094175000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              139120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               5096                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 17369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 17361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 17360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 17360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 17360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 17360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 17360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 17361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        18414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.289562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.648371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.102900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          290      1.57%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           80      0.43%      2.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           39      0.21%      2.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           38      0.21%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           80      0.43%      2.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          279      1.52%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17601     95.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        18414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   651.953052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   362.167334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   566.557078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     14.08%     14.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     11.74%     25.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.29%     29.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.69%     33.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      4.23%     38.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      1.88%     39.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.29%     43.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.88%     45.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.23%     49.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.69%     53.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.29%     57.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      3.76%     61.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.76%     64.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.35%     67.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      4.69%     71.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.82%     74.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            9      4.23%     78.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.29%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      3.76%     85.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.35%     88.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.88%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.41%     91.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.47%     92.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.94%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.94%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.47%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            4      1.88%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.47%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.47%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.47%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      0.94%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.924883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.910829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.729429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.47%      0.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.47%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.47%      1.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            210     98.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 4041856756                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            6396720256                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                444576000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29092.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46042.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      27.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   27.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 121372                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4240                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  8936271.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145503435969                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1431259274                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          13241491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          13881369.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          12896150.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          13679971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               8932752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               9364416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               8699784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               9228552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         69555033.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         73316006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         66881318.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         70413158.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        11044823.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        10975564.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        10862346.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        11396505.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      7386690556.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      7394282902.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      7387741892.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      7398411854.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       80736231264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       80729571312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       80735309040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       80725949424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        113267555544.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        113273251195.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        113264250155.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        113270939089.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.922286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.926205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.920012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.924614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1063168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1012736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2075136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4224512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        61696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       149760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        149760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           80                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         3956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             16502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       127135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6599877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       109654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        71513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        55621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6286808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        81048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12881917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            26224696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       127135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       109654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        55621                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        81048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         382993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        929672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             929672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        929672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       127135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6599877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       109654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        71513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        55621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6286808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        81048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12881917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           27154368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     16502                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      585                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  132016                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4217920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                150272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4224512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             149760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           16880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           15040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           16304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           15337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           18234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           16107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           18522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           15386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                161123370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              132016                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4680                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.800482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.628954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.690877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          253      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           62      0.36%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.22%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.35%      2.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      1.39%      4.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16718     95.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   675.275510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   339.597628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   641.096901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           34     17.35%     17.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     13.27%     30.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.57%     34.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.06%     37.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.51%     37.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.08%     41.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.06%     44.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.04%     46.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.55%     49.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.04%     51.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      5.10%     56.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.57%     60.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.59%     64.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.55%     67.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.55%     69.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      4.59%     74.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      3.06%     77.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.04%     79.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.04%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.53%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.02%     84.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.06%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      3.06%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.04%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.51%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.02%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.53%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.02%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.51%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.51%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3136-3199            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.959184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.955085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.415553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.51%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            194     98.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3813418241                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6047597741                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                421792000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   28931.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              45881.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      26.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   26.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 115183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  9429587.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145580925534                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1353769709                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          12889497.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          12807849.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2              13272336                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          13040092.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               8695296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               8640216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               8953560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               8796888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0             67888704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         66711091.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         69365836.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3             67065024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        10606878.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10746224.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        10819215.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        10975564.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      7384929284.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      7386561253.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      7390101801.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      7392136455.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       80737776240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       80736344688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       80733238944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       80731454160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        113264645524.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        113263670947.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        113267611318.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        113265327809.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.920284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.919614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.922325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.920754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1045504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1024768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2048000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4200960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        66816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       170752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        170752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             16410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          667                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              667                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       125545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6490223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        61978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        79459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        77870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6361499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       139848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12713463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            26078491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       125545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        61978                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        77870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       139848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         414777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1059985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1059985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1059985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       125545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6490223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        61978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        79459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        77870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6361499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       139848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12713463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           27138476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     16410                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      667                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  131280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4193760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  7200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                170496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4200960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             170752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       229537                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           13472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           17009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           15825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           16496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           17097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           16009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           18450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           16697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6            1049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                161117035000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              131280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 16345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 16339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 16340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 16342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 16342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 16343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 16345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 16345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                   34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        17422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.502583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.933986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.676751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          280      1.61%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60      0.34%      1.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           33      0.19%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.20%      2.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.34%      2.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          270      1.55%      4.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16681     95.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        17422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   587.188341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   357.495867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   510.829797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24     10.76%     10.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     12.11%     22.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.48%     27.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.04%     31.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           15      6.73%     38.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      3.59%     41.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           12      5.38%     47.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.04%     51.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.24%     53.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           13      5.83%     59.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      4.93%     64.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           16      7.17%     71.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.69%     73.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.14%     77.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.14%     80.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.69%     82.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            9      4.04%     87.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.45%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.79%     89.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.35%     90.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.90%     91.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.79%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.90%     94.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.90%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.45%     95.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.45%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.90%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.45%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.45%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.90%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.45%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.892377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.876032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.798131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.45%      0.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      0.90%      1.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      0.90%      2.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            218     97.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 3827974034                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            6049356284                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                419376000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29208.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46158.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      26.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   26.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 114528                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  9434738.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145570382344                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1364312899                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          12175833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          13024972.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          13228790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3              13738032                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               8213856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               8786688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               8924184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               9267720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         63602073.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         67867238.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         68689420.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         70394188.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        10447626.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        10882252.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10981785.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        11735331.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      7377647091.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      7388282525.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      7390834885.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      7398575303.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       80744164128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       80734834800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       80732595888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       80725806048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        113258110233.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        113265538102.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        113267114578.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        113271376248.000015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.915789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.920899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.921983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.924915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1128960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1059584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2173184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4458752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        84736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       177664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        177664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             17417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              694                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       150972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      7008297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        95351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        74692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       117600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6577628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       157329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13490574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            27678799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       150972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        95351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       117600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       157329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         526020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1102893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1102893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1102893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       150972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7008297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        95351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        74692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       117600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6577628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       157329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13490574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           28781691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     17417                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      694                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  139336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4452608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                177920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4458752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             177664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           17249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           17840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           16738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           16553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           15448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           18091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           17584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           19641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                161107258000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              139336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5552                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 17352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 17344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 17344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 17345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 17345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 17347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 17348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 17349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                   29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        18504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.244704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.716367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.003847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          281      1.52%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.39%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           56      0.30%      2.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.08%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           59      0.32%      2.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           72      0.39%      3.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          266      1.44%      4.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17683     95.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        18504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   602.969828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   349.199677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   511.632963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           34     14.66%     14.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22      9.48%     24.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.31%     28.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      3.45%     31.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.29%     33.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      5.17%     38.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      4.74%     43.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      3.88%     46.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           17      7.33%     54.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           16      6.90%     61.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      3.88%     65.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      4.74%     69.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.02%     72.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.29%     74.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.16%     76.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           10      4.31%     80.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.16%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.29%     84.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      1.72%     85.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            8      3.45%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.86%     90.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.29%     91.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.16%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.16%     95.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.86%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.86%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.43%     97.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.43%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.43%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.43%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.965517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.958092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.525226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.43%      0.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     99.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 4058029231                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6416520031                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                445260800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29164.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46114.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      27.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   27.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    30.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 121581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  8895547.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145491970784                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1442724459                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          13254796.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          12789705.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2              13429584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          14380934.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               8941728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               8627976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               9059640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               9701424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0             70090176                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         67376025.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         69600460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         74392281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10819215.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        10487439.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        11141038.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        11864724.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      7387039615.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      7384100604.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2        7393142592                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      7403938081.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       80735925072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       80738503152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       80730571584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       80721101856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        113267930228.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        113263744527.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        113268804523.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        113277238926.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.922544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.919665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.923146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.928948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1086720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1035776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2084096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4287744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        28672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        68352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       162560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        162560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             16749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          635                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              635                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       177988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6746081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        69924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        77870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        85816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6429834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12937538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            26617224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       177988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        69924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        85816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11124                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         424312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1009131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1009131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1009131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       177988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6746081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        69924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        77870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        85816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6429834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        79459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12937538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           27626356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     16749                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      635                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  133992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   5080                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4281760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  5984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                162304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4287744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             162560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           68                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           16024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           18083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           17200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           15088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           16288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           16417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           17360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           17345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                161117349000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              133992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               5080                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 16709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 16706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 16707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 16710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 16711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 16711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 16710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 16711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        17721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.779527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.621560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.688580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          258      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           54      0.30%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           49      0.28%      2.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.03%      2.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.25%      2.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           56      0.32%      2.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          249      1.41%      4.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17005     95.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        17721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   631.834906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   358.550909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   555.037709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           35     16.51%     16.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19      8.96%     25.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.30%     28.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      3.77%     32.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.77%     36.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      4.25%     40.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.30%     43.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      4.25%     48.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      2.83%     50.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      2.83%     53.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           13      6.13%     59.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      4.72%     64.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.30%     67.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.72%     72.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.77%     76.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.83%     79.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            9      4.25%     83.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.42%     84.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.36%     87.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.94%     88.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.47%     88.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.42%     90.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.47%     90.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.36%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.94%     93.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.94%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.94%     95.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.47%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.94%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.47%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      0.94%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.924528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.913684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.655970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.47%      0.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.47%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.47%      1.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.94%      2.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            206     97.17%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3896671322                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6164666072                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                428176000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29122.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46072.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      26.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   26.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 116936                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4220                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  9268140.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145552121668                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1382573575                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0              13417488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          12533875.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          12867724.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          13874716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               9051480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               8455392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               8680608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               9359928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0             70824000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1             65292864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         66680140.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         71347660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        11044823.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10647106.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        10669916.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        11632066.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      7387610947.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      7382752960.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      7389296213.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      7401348184.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       80735423904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       80739685296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       80733945600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       80723373696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        113269232266.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        113261227118.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        113263999827.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        113272795876.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.923440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.917933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.919840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.925892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1076480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1024256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2084352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4237056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        39936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       163584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        163584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             16551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       100119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6682514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       117600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        41319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         7946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6358321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        15892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12939127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            26302566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       100119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       117600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        15892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         247913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1015488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1015488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1015488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       100119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6682514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       117600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        41319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         4768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         7946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6358321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         9535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        15892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12939127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           27318054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     16551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  132408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   5112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4230880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  6176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                163584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4237056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             163584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           12                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           13777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           16113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           18744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           19256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           14777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           16481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           15586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           17481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6            1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                161089072000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              132408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               5112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                   13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.453893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.988360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.615538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          267      1.52%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.42%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           38      0.22%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           38      0.22%      2.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           74      0.42%      2.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          258      1.47%      4.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16792     95.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   610.836449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   356.882845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   508.704907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21      9.81%      9.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           32     14.95%     24.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      7.01%     31.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.34%     34.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.74%     37.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.27%     41.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.27%     44.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.74%     48.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.21%     52.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.74%     56.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.34%     58.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.27%     61.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      5.14%     66.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           14      6.54%     73.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.40%     74.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.27%     78.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.87%     79.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.80%     82.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      3.74%     86.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            9      4.21%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.40%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.47%     92.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.87%     94.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            7      3.27%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.93%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.887850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.867998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.870239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.47%      0.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      0.93%      1.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      0.93%      2.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            209     97.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3862955226                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            6103999476                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                423088000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29217.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46167.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      26.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   26.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 115525                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  9371092.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145570879883                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1363681517                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          12085113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          14005353.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          12444364.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          13065494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               8152656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               9448056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               8395008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               8814024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         62842790.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         74147673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2             63837696                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         66537369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        10494074.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10988421.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10819215.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        11380331.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      7379088690.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      7394367608.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      7385161625.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3        7392614544                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       80742899568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       80729497008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       80737572432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       80731034784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        113257422517.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        113274313745.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        113260089965.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        113265306171.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.915315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.926936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.917151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.920739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1081344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1049600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2080512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4268544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        49664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       176384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        176384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             16674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       112832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      6712709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        74692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        44497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        36551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6515650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        77870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12915289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            26498036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       112832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        74692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        36551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        77870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         308301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1094947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1094947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1094947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       112832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6712709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        74692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        44497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        36551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6515650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        77870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12915289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           27592983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     16674                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      689                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  133392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5512                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4263456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  5088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                176384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4268544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             176384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           16234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           15738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           17842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           16217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           15234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           17401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           16856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           17711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                161121500000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              133392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5512                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 16624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 16615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 16617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                   21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                   17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        17743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.230513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   244.601280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.180065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          275      1.55%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           80      0.45%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           45      0.25%      2.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.25%      2.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           82      0.46%      2.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          258      1.45%      4.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16955     95.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        17743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   580.700000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   361.581690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   478.116192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           25     10.87%     10.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     10.00%     20.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      5.65%     26.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      3.91%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           12      5.22%     35.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           14      6.09%     41.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           10      4.35%     46.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           13      5.65%     51.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      5.22%     56.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           14      6.09%     63.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      3.91%     66.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.17%     69.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      3.91%     73.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.61%     75.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           11      4.78%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      2.61%     83.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.17%     85.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      1.74%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.30%     88.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.30%     89.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.74%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.30%     92.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.17%     94.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.87%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.87%     96.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.43%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.43%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.43%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.43%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.87%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.965217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.957728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.527504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.43%      0.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            229     99.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3928854814                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6187154164                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                426345600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29488.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46438.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      26.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   26.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 116418                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4584                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  9279588.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145549475114                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1385220129                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          12324614.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          13395715.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          12951187.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          13320115.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               8314224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               9036792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               8736912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               8985792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         64505126.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         69774182.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         67120435.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3             69196608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        10477486.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        11220664.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        10835804.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        10829583.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      7380572587.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      7389868366.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      7388671311.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      7394130725.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       80741597904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       80733443712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       80734493760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       80729704800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        113259651566.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        113268599056.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        113264669034.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        113268027248.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.916849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.923004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.920301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.922611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1132288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1067264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      2109952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4400128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        79616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       163584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        163584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         8242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             17188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       141437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      7028956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        85816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        68335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       106475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      6625304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       154151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     13098045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            27314876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       141437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        85816                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       106475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       154151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         494236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1015488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1015488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1015488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       141437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      7028956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        85816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        68335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       106475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6625304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       154151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     13098045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           28330364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     17188                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  137504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   5112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4393024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                163584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4400128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             163584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           64                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           21577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           17321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           14776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           15939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           17384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           17784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           16483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           16018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                161115657000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              137504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               5112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 17160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 17151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 17151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 17151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 17152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 17152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 17153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 17154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        18174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.721250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   245.470743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.924031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          270      1.49%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           59      0.32%      1.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           45      0.25%      2.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.23%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.34%      2.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          253      1.39%      4.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17437     95.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        18174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   641.542056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   382.218614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   543.272838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           18      8.41%      8.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           32     14.95%     23.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.67%     28.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.80%     30.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.87%     32.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           19      8.88%     41.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.21%     45.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.34%     48.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.74%     51.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      4.67%     56.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.34%     58.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.21%     63.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.74%     66.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      1.87%     68.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.74%     72.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      4.21%     76.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           10      4.67%     81.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.80%     84.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.47%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      3.27%     87.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.93%     88.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.40%     90.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      2.80%     92.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.93%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.93%     94.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.93%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.93%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.47%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.47%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.47%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.47%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.887850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.859939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.090523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.93%      0.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      1.87%      2.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            207     96.73%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 4000208466                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6327138366                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                439302400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29138.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46088.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      27.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   27.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 119964                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  4256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  9037732.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 145518553638                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   14154510600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1416141605                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          14272675.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          12659068.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          13359427.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          13014691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               9628392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               8539848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               9012312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               8779752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         76603737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         65481062.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         69732249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         66576806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        10769863.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10885570.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2            11031552                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        11134402.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      25041859624.320004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      7394406514.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      7385936460.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      7390923641.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      7392072925.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       80729462880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       80736892752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       80732518032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       80731509888                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        113277003687.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        113262254386.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        113268436838.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        113264948089.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.928786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.918640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.922893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.920493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              270728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             270728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             10494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           270147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          32539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          243173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             17406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1115961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1116443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1116443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     72226817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72227781                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72227781                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    135364000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4464377000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        72000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        36000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    173151000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    135073500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16269500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    121586500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8707491                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     17886000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          184                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          691                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            8                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          172                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           44                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          172                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           25                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           54                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        91999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      6144480                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        27000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        27000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        16000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1749500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        30500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       428000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           444                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          920                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime              165499                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            8348980                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            75835                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            601144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  601144    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              601144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 241                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           430559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              525310                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4603885500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             515057                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             270558                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            270558                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            10494                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          222152                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         21021                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         243173                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       123241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        15510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       260039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       123015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        15316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       260096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       122996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        15527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       260042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       123309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        15628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         8846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         8906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       259949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               1040126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1189120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1089792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1132800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1070848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1145088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1126400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1125888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1111808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1143040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1148672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1142528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1116672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1156096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     18040320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1153536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1092352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1106176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1113856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1151232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1090560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1142272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1143040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1099776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1088256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1142784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1164288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1156352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1174016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1126144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1147392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     18092033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1141248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1112320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1102080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1090560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1159936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1086208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1139456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1136128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1083136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1102848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1155328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1156352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1178368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1111552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1177600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     18069760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1077248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1109248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1107456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1094400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1162240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1105920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1095424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1155328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1152256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1159168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1141504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1090560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1192960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     18024704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               72226817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    378717200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2667256345                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     98643600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    310037600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     29411400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    341688827                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1498000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10663661                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          160                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2438                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           45                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           49                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       120000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        11200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1142200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        25600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                         2692                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           3                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime            1305800                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             11200                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           31185400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              18161                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           28522400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              17082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           29512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              17452                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           29023800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              17037                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           30157800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              17891                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           28609800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              17093                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           30310600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              17857                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           30407400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              17743                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           29183200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              17202                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          349592000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded             246614                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          49291600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             31330                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          30339000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             18031                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          30700800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             18078                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          30896200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             18113                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          29808400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             17364                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          30767400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             18261                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         754515062                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            128711                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         756661811                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            128768                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         755425380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            128715                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         753008080                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            128622                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       270558                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       270558                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        10494                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       222152                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        21021                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       243173                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       260039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       260096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       260042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       259949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      1040126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     18040320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     18092033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     18069760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     18024704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     72226817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    216446400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1082232000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     41976000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    177721600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16816800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    194538400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       867200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4336000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          233                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           50                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       743900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        29000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        58000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   300                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       830900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    113436800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       131328                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    113251300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       131328                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    113420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       131327                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    113720800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       131327                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1281107200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       514816                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3150179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3142490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate         7688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                72                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               72                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            79587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          268901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         32662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         301563                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            26536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       771718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       828615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       288942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       742482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       783695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1084172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1598525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6121714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       924928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51870984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1656580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       349632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         4176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       653824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49467400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1551800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       707840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    101418716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3175160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37145                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              212214961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1581061026                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24973993514                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        72000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        36000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2586726294                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    136770263                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16338485                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    121031487                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        38500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     13293946                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    167610484                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        89810                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3785                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           19                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           82                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4226                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          291                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           73                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           26                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          393                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           41                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    215779959                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     45887465                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       789997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1125999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     88650816                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4060500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1057000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       979000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      9238498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       194500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        95093                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3899                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          320624769                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          47138965                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          914726                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3557772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3557772    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3557772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4334422014                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3558014                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         117483813                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              3613                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13098827274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             8.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            492934                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         414494919                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            414470                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          41179901                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        9047597724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            287042                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           1051979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              1046                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         83116207                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             2554                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      13022751079                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            8.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           479209                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy        395776420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded           395745                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         90020612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             2765                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      15516699900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            9.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           592491                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy        804756933                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded           804735                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy            97500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                3                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          9198996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              283                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          5032998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              204                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        16108    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        16108    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            16108    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           16108    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    271871                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8187.053865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      773639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    271871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.845611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      320.634531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.023781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.043673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    33.393147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2013.389927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.451301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    22.001283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    91.098617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.872514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    14.709114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1861.094247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     1.276742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.032117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    23.623389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  3767.584402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     4.084703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst     9.323707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    22.416670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.039140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.004076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.245775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.002686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.011120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.001796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.227184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.459910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.002736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21428389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21428389                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       414068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       112589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       107068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       221505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2044370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            79587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 79587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          349                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          306                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  698                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                123                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          521                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          427                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       414068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          2295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        113110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        107495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          1513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        222667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2046499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       414068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       113110                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       107495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793701                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       222667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          210                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2046499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        68480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        65917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       132033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                271882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        70328                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        64496                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        84903                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             220208                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         5376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        10471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            21021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        69307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        66836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       133284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 274910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           77                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        69307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           81                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        66836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       133284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                274910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      9459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    170177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8863532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3520499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    133583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     88506500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     10785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    101311500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8537502500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     11292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    156891000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  17094810499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9644500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35193092498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    106546500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       381500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     94320000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    192543000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    393921000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       783500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1177500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2025500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4052000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     75913500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2869000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     77543997                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    111186500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       440500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     267953497                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      9459500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    170177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8939445500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3520499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    133583500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     91375500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     10785500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    101311500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8615046497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     11292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    156891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  17205996999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9644500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2392500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      35461045995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      9459500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    170177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8939445500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3520499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    133583500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     91375500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     10785500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    101311500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8615046497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     11292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    156891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  17205996999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9644500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2392500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     35461045995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       414145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       181069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       172985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       353538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2316252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        79587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             79587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        70677                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          464                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        64802                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        84937                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           220906                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         5421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         5174                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        10523                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          21144                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              5157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       414145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       182417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       174331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       355951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2321409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       414145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       182417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       387950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       174331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       793790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       355951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           94                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2321409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.364794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.378198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.803473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.619262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.317933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.381056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.452803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.373462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.257951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.117380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995062                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.982759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995278                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999600                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.961538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.996840                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.991699                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.652174                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.996521                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.995058                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.994183                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.613501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.682764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.518442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.587163                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.364794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.379937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.803473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.623365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.317933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.383386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.452803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.374445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.257951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.202128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.118424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.364794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.379937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.026820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.803473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.623365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.317933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.383386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.452803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.374445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.257951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.202128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.118424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 122850.649351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 129117.602428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129432.418224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 125732.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 131221.512770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128643.168605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 133154.320988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 124767.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 129518.978412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 126876.404494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 125312.300319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129473.771701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 132116.438356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 130133.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129442.524691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  1514.994028                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   836.622807                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  1462.416274                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  2267.799724                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         5200                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1788.858715                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   145.740327                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4366.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   228.374709                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   193.439022                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   192.759621                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 91793.833132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 106259.259259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 84378.669206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 88878.097522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       110125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88491.907860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 122850.649351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 129117.602428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128983.298945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 125732.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 131221.512770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127797.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 133154.320988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 124767.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 128898.295784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 126876.404494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 125312.300319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129092.741807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 132116.438356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 125921.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128991.473555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 122850.649351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 129117.602428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128983.298945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 125732.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 131221.512770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127797.902098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 133154.320988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 124767.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 128898.295784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 126876.404494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 125312.300319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129092.741807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 132116.438356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 125921.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128991.473555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10494                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10494                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                1322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          208                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               1322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        68367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        65727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       131817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           270560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        70328                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          455                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        64496                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        84903                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        220207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5156                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        10471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        21021                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        69194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        66646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       133068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            273588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        69194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        66646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       133068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           273588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    145868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8099404500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2234999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    117612500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80420500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4099500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     71779500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7793926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    113838500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  15620524999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      8841500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32070566998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3828579506                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     24734919                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3511275950                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   4624850389                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1370499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11990811263                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    291735499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       817000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    279783998                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    568433488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       163000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140932985                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     66816500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2572000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     67434997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     97425500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       396500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234645497                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    145868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8166221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2234999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    117612500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     82992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4099500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     71779500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7861361497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    113838500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  15717950499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      8841500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32305212495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    145868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8166221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2234999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    117612500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     82992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4099500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     71779500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7861361497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    113838500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  15717950499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      8841500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32305212495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       979500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       828500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       380000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       320000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       333500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        84000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1477500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1359500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1025000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1394000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1162000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       164000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      5104500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.336839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.377574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.018199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.765588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.612961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.236492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.379958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.344665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.372851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.257951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.116809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995062                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.980603                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995278                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999600                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996836                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.991699                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.652174                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.996521                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.995058                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994183                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.613501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.682764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.518442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.336839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.379318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.018199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.765588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.617262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.236492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.382296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.344665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.373838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.257951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.202128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.117854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.336839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.379318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.018199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.765588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.617262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.236492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.382296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.itb.walker     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.344665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.373838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.257951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.202128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.117854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116657.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119858.668858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118469.502830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117631.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       121250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118091.776799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 128109.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118840.231788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 118580.286640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 123122.448980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119452.780693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118501.596903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 121116.438356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 119133.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118534.029413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54438.907775                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54362.459341                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54441.763055                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54472.166932                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54819.960000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54452.452751                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54266.275856                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54466.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54263.769977                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54286.456690                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54275.866277                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 80793.833132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 95259.259259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 73378.669206                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 77878.097522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        99125                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77491.907860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116657.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119858.668858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118019.206868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117631.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       121250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117221.045198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 128109.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118840.231788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 117956.989122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 123122.448980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119452.780693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118119.686919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 121116.438356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114921.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118079.786010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116657.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 119858.668858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118019.206868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117631.526316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       121250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117221.045198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 128109.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118840.231788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 117956.989122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 123122.448980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119452.780693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118119.686919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 121116.438356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114921.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118079.786010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        444                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67853    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         67853                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2617                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2617    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2617                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     107809883.287807                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    46672197.616284                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         1807     11.22%     11.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08        11682     72.52%     83.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         2419     15.02%     98.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          129      0.80%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           20      0.12%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           11      0.07%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            3      0.02%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            7      0.04%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08           10      0.06%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        107830827.234321      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17370368                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4159125.900174                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12062043.125714                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        13960     86.67%     86.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1833     11.38%     98.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          210      1.30%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           71      0.44%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           23      0.14%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            8      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       4158891.646238      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 669952                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           67853                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99635.828924                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98401.372965                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19090.420180                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           83      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        61355     90.42%     90.55% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         2419      3.57%     94.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2236      3.30%     97.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1138      1.68%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          597      0.88%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           17      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            4      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             67853                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               67853                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           2374252.339617                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          1719446.807986                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             67850    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             69000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          16819000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 67853                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2617                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         61547599.923577                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        82619597.110721                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2617    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          270000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       781561000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2617                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 70470                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             2286081.226054                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1665977.711978                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               70465     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               67000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            16289000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   70470                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.041532                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.199524                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            15439     95.85%     95.85% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              669      4.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             4.211261                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.819919                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                   345      2.14%      2.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                  4883     30.31%     32.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                  8272     51.35%     83.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  2406     14.94%     98.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                   122      0.76%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                  16      0.10%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                  14      0.09%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  10      0.06%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   5      0.03%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   4      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   4      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                  12      0.07%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   6      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.162466                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.471174                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  13960     86.67%     86.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1833     11.38%     98.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    210      1.30%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     71      0.44%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     23      0.14%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      8      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        68113                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        68113    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         68113                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2560                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.900391                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.446082                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.039880                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2559     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2560                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     108221504.842314                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    46811200.822308                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         1787     11.09%     11.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08        11679     72.50%     83.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         2437     15.13%     98.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          133      0.83%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           21      0.13%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           11      0.07%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.02%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           10      0.06%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            8      0.05%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        108244014.788017      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17436928                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4066948.100323                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12073232.295033                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        14020     87.04%     87.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1779     11.04%     98.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          206      1.28%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           62      0.38%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           27      0.17%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       4066725.245852      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 655105                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           68113                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99854.993907                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98575.834837                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19445.465062                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           71      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        61388     90.13%     90.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         2482      3.64%     93.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2290      3.36%     97.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1243      1.82%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          621      0.91%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           11      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             68113                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               68113                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           2365167.501064                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          1721175.942778                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             68111    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             85000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          17432000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 68113                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2560                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         64009509.375000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        96783054.435951                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2560    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          250000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2784101000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2560                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 70673                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             2279498.422311                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1665455.633106                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               70670    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            15767000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   70673                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.042960                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.202773                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            15416     95.70%     95.70% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              692      4.30%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             4.227403                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.829920                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                   353      2.19%      2.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                  4790     29.74%     31.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                  8337     51.76%     83.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  2428     15.07%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                   121      0.75%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                  12      0.07%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                  14      0.09%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  13      0.08%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   2      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   6      0.04%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   3      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   6      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   9      0.06%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   7      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   3      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.158865                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.471611                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  14020     87.04%     87.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1779     11.04%     98.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    206      1.28%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     62      0.38%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     27      0.17%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     11      0.07%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67973                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67973    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         67973                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2612                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2612    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2612                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     108003774.521977                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    46644079.916457                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         1742     10.81%     10.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08        11784     73.16%     83.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         2365     14.68%     98.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          146      0.91%     99.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           23      0.14%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            8      0.05%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            2      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            2      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            5      0.03%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           10      0.06%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            5      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           15      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        108021529.182181      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17401088                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4151179.538118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12147124.443511                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        13973     86.75%     86.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1815     11.27%     98.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.01% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          219      1.36%     99.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           63      0.39%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           28      0.17%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       4150945.731744      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 668672                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           67973                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       99871.662278                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98585.728914                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      19440.544212                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           82      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           32      0.05%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        61140     89.95%     90.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1249      1.84%     91.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1250      1.84%     93.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1140      1.68%     95.47% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1185      1.74%     97.21% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1257      1.85%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           11      0.02%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            3      0.00%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          605      0.89%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            9      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            6      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             67973                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               67973                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           2369895.546761                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          1718061.980870                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             67969     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             12000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          20018000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 67973                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2612                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         61686455.972435                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        80911832.328386                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2612    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          294000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       725147000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2612                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 70585                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             2282197.492385                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1659499.939065                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               70578     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               12000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            15329000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   70585                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.043891                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.204859                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            15401     95.61%     95.61% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              707      4.39%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             4.218897                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.820773                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                   320      1.99%      1.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                  4847     30.09%     32.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                  8355     51.87%     83.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                  2375     14.74%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                   129      0.80%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                  16      0.10%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                  18      0.11%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   8      0.05%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   2      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.02%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   3      0.02%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   6      0.04%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   5      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   6      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                  10      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.162155                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.474497                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  13973     86.75%     86.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1815     11.27%     98.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    219      1.36%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     63      0.39%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     28      0.17%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      5      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67703    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         67703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2706                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2706    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2706                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     107571492.426124                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    46327443.006241                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         1806     11.21%     11.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08        11747     72.93%     84.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         2335     14.50%     98.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08          150      0.93%     99.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           20      0.12%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           10      0.06%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            5      0.03%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.04%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.03%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08           11      0.07%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            9      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        107592449.799497      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17331968                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    4300571.144773                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   12544203.520094                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        13926     86.45%     86.45% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1829     11.35%     97.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          246      1.53%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           69      0.43%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           25      0.16%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            7      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       4300328.924234      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 692736                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           67703                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99854.232456                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98561.697316                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      19644.123007                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           65      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        61112     90.26%     90.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         2387      3.53%     93.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2235      3.30%     97.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1240      1.83%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          632      0.93%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           18      0.03%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-294911            4      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-327679            6      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             67703                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               67703                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           2379586.635747                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          1738816.558700                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             67700    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             27000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          18467000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 67703                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2706                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         59525626.016260                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        75580780.012189                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2706    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          305000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       593097000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2706                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 70409                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             2287901.816529                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            1675442.440410                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               70406    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               27000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            18467000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   70409                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.044947                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.207193                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            15384     95.51%     95.51% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              724      4.49%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             4.202074                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.815157                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                   340      2.11%      2.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                  4933     30.62%     32.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                  8275     51.37%     84.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  2340     14.53%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                   140      0.87%     99.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                  16      0.10%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                  14      0.09%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  10      0.06%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   2      0.01%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.02%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   6      0.04%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   3      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   6      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                  10      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   7      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.167991                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.490008                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  13926     86.45%     86.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1829     11.35%     97.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    246      1.53%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     69      0.43%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     25      0.16%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      7      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       287964                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       287964    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         287964                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        10495                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.975703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.864775                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.489138                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        10494     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         10495                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      431606655.078222                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     409441282.205309                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     168975256.629816                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08         1442      8.95%      8.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08        11499     71.39%     80.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         3063     19.02%     99.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09           31      0.19%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09           22      0.14%     99.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09           11      0.07%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            2      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            3      0.02%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            5      0.03%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            7      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09           10      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09           10      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            3      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            16108                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         431688821.004017      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   69540352                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     16677824.683387                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    33754989.549502                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        14295     88.74%     88.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1136      7.05%     95.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          275      1.71%     97.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          161      1.00%     98.50% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           43      0.27%     98.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           45      0.28%     99.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           80      0.50%     99.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           23      0.14%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08           19      0.12%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           18      0.11%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            3      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            5      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           16108                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        16676891.548069      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2686465                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           271642                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108535.515495                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107330.019741                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19483.669427                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          301      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          106      0.04%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       251829     92.71%     92.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         9379      3.45%     96.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         7444      2.74%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375           46      0.02%     99.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         2492      0.92%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           14      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           19      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             271642                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               287964                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            559406.981428                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           781336.457562                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                   438      0.15%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000               153      0.05%      0.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000              151      0.05%      0.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000              152      0.05%      0.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000              145      0.05%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000              113      0.04%      0.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000              142      0.05%      0.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              138      0.05%      0.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000              135      0.05%      0.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000              137      0.05%      0.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000              115      0.04%      0.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000               90      0.03%      0.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000              115      0.04%      0.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000              121      0.04%      0.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              118      0.04%      0.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              107      0.04%      0.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              100      0.03%      0.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              105      0.04%      0.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               99      0.03%      0.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              91      0.03%      0.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             285199     99.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            9125000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 287964                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              10495                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          15349125.583611                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         20064916.748686                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              7      0.07%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              1      0.01%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              1      0.01%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              1      0.01%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            10485     99.90%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        240566000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                10495                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 298459                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              539736.020693                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             772311.072769                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                     442      0.15%      0.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                 159      0.05%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                154      0.05%      0.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                195      0.07%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                167      0.06%      0.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                123      0.04%      0.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                153      0.05%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                410      0.14%      0.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                398      0.13%      0.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                172      0.06%      0.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                203      0.07%      0.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                144      0.05%      0.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                144      0.05%      0.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                315      0.11%      1.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               3692      1.24%      2.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                132      0.04%      2.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                105      0.04%      2.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                120      0.04%      2.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                107      0.04%      2.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000               127      0.04%      2.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               290997     97.50%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              9011500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   298459                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.188974                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.395445                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             13083     81.22%     81.22% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              3011     18.69%     99.91% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                10      0.06%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 3      0.02%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         16108                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            16108    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        16108                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             17.872858                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            17.071610                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             6.542626                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                    155      0.96%      0.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                  5150     31.97%     32.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 9128     56.67%     89.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                 1559      9.68%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                   39      0.24%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                   13      0.08%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                   17      0.11%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                    7      0.04%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    1      0.01%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    3      0.02%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    3      0.02%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    4      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   5      0.03%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  6      0.04%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  9      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  7      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.651478                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.318554                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                    9723     60.36%     60.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                    4572     28.38%     88.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                    1136      7.05%     95.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                     275      1.71%     97.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                      94      0.58%     98.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                      67      0.42%     98.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                      43      0.27%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                      45      0.28%     99.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                      47      0.29%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                      33      0.20%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                     23      0.14%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                     19      0.12%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      8      0.05%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                     10      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      3      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      4      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      3      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               16108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    26835598                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    207296                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1538835                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       82                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    21                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                27042894                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1538917                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         28374433                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         207378                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     28581811                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   101682324                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               101682329                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        101682324                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    101682329                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       322177396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99313900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     99492222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             75959023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      99642                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     15841062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    75959023                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           96120534                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          51182580                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           379011411                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           68981923                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     28380339                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   26836747                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1543592                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              30023.976107                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              322147372.023893                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999907                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000093                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         19865233                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 71117827     71.48%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     658      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                26836747     26.97%     98.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1543592      1.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  99498838                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      40                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           88077691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         24377.993634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        203368261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       203368261                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    101678711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      101678711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    101678711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       101678711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    101678711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      101678711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    209002813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209002813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    209002813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    209002813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    209002813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    209002813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    101682324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    101682324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    101682324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    101682324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    101682324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    101682324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 57847.443399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57847.443399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 57847.443399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57847.443399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 57847.443399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57847.443399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    201654187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201654187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    201654187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201654187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    201654187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201654187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 55813.503183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55813.503183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 55813.503183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55813.503183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 55813.503183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55813.503183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               206                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           196855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.857594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           32296550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           196855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           164.062635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   254.857594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.995537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         57138418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        57138418                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     26419089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26419089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1432617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1432617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          357                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          357                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        22482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     27851706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        27851706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     27852063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       27852063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       385092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       385092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        90914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        90914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           96                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           96                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         8435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8435                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         8413                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8413                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       476006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        476006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       476102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       476102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18349915363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18349915363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4979664461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4979664461                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     92943926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92943926                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    382991999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    382991999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       614000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       614000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  23329579824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23329579824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  23329579824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23329579824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     26804181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26804181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1523531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          453                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          453                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        30917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        30917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         9939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     28327712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28327712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     28328165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28328165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.014367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.059673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.059673                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.211921                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.211921                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.272827                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.272827                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.846463                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.846463                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.016804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.016807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 47650.731158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47650.731158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54773.351310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54773.351310                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11018.841257                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11018.841257                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45523.832046                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45523.832046                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49011.104532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49011.104532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49001.222057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49001.222057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            20203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       385092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        90913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        90913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           96                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8355                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8355                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8412                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8412                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       476005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       476005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       476101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       476101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17499216621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17499216621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4797683005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4797683005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8527001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8527001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     69299573                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69299573                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    366217001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366217001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       564000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       564000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22296899626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22296899626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22305426627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22305426627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1590477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1590477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       753000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       753000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2343477                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2343477                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.014367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.059673                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059673                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.211921                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211921                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.270240                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270240                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.846363                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846363                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.016804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.016807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45441.651920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45441.651920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52772.243849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52772.243849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 88822.927083                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88822.927083                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8294.383363                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8294.383363                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43535.069068                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43535.069068                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46841.734070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46841.734070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46850.199069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46850.199069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             21535                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    30580256                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       545                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     276288                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     3                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                30580801                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 276301                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         30856544                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                            558                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     30857102                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   117131181                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               117131181                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        117131181                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    117131181                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       322178137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  117041626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    117138428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             86814600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      77129                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     20205163                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    86814600                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          102943531                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          56257649                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           443160171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           86090085                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     30857466                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   30580803                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    276663                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              26209.055268                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              322151927.944732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999919                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000081                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         25321148                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 86281724     73.66%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     413      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                30580803     26.11%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 276663      0.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 117139603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      51                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          116965238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         92389.603476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        234263628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       234263628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    117129914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      117129914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    117129914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       117129914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    117129914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      117129914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    141401901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141401901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    141401901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141401901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    141401901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141401901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    117131181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    117131181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    117131181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    117131181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    117131181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    117131181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 111603.710339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111603.710339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 111603.710339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111603.710339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 111603.710339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111603.710339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    138800099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138800099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    138800099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    138800099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    138800099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    138800099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 109550.196527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109550.196527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 109550.196527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109550.196527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 109550.196527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109550.196527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                77                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1120                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          244.243535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           20184937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         18022.265179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   244.243535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.954076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.954076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         61988930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        61988930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     30304143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       30304143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       264980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        264980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           86                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     30569123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        30569123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     30569209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       30569209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       265289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       265289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        11119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        10529                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10529                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           55                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           55                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       276408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        276408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       276442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       276442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11314748944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11314748944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80388994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80388994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    109544284                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    109544284                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1848000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1848000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        61500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11395137938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11395137938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11395137938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11395137938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     30569432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30569432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       276099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       276099                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          120                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        10672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10672                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     30845531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     30845531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     30845651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     30845651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040272                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.283333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.986600                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.986600                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.329341                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.329341                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42650.652473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42650.652473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7229.876248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7229.876248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10404.053946                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10404.053946                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        33600                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33600                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41225.789188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41225.789188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41220.718769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41220.718769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       265289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       265289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        11119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        10498                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10498                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           54                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       276408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       276408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       276442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       276442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10637012052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10637012052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     58148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58148000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2925002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2925002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     85489215                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85489215                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1744000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1744000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        57500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        57500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10695160052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10695160052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  10698085054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10698085054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1161002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1161002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       655500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       655500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1816502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1816502                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.040272                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040272                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.283333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.983696                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983696                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.323353                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323353                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40095.940849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40095.940849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  5229.606979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5229.606979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 86029.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86029.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8143.381120                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8143.381120                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 32296.296296                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32296.296296                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38693.380988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38693.380988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38699.202921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38699.202921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             33647                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    27100621                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    197919                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1478084                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                    13                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                27298540                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1478148                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         28578705                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         197983                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     28776688                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                   102744625                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses               102744637                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                        102744625                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                    102744637                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       322177396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  100468302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    100633384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             76705105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      96662                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16096304                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    76705105                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           96733980                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          51584168                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           383228453                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           70007847                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     28584095                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   27101454                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1482641                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              13133.001427                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              322164262.998573                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999959                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000041                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         20183076                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 72054551     71.60%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     608      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                27101454     26.93%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1482641      1.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 100639264                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      27                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             2554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           88335463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         34587.103759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        205491804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       205491804                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst    102742071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      102742071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst    102742071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       102742071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst    102742071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      102742071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    129866707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    129866707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    129866707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    129866707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    129866707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    129866707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    102744625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    102744625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    102744625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    102744625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst    102744625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    102744625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 50848.358262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50848.358262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 50848.358262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50848.358262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 50848.358262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50848.358262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    124536293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124536293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    124536293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124536293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    124536293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124536293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 48761.273688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48761.273688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 48761.273688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48761.273688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 48761.273688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48761.273688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               155                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           185848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.642975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           22305986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           185848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           120.022739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   254.642975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.994699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         57544460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        57544460                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     26691732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26691732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1378515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1378515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        22217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     28070247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28070247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     28070411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28070411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       377882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       377882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        84687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        84687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           71                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         8507                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8507                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8065                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       462569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        462569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       462640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       462640                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  17713783360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17713783360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4634623299                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4634623299                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     85888892                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     85888892                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    367388000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    367388000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       571500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       571500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  22348406659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22348406659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  22348406659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22348406659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     27069614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27069614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1463202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1463202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          235                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        30724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        30724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         9281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9281                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     28532816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28532816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     28533051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28533051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.013960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.057878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.057878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.302128                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302128                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.276885                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.276885                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.868980                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.868980                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46876.494144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46876.494144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54726.502285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54726.502285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10096.260962                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10096.260962                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 45553.378797                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45553.378797                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 48313.671385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48313.671385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 48306.256828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48306.256828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            18900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       377882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       377882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        84687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        84687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           71                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8441                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8062                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         8062                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       462569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       462569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       462640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       462640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  16890850610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16890850610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4460548673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4460548673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4195001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4195001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     64720107                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64720107                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    351316000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351316000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       519500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       519500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  21351399283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21351399283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  21355594284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21355594284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1652986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1652986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       894000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       894000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      2546986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2546986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.013960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.057878                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057878                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.302128                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302128                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.274736                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274736                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.868656                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868656                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.016214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44698.743550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44698.743550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 52670.996410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52670.996410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 59084.521127                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59084.521127                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7667.350669                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7667.350669                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 43576.779955                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43576.779955                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46158.301319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46158.301319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46160.285068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46160.285068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             17965                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    24426681                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    402419                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    2689997                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       98                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                    23                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                24829100                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2690095                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         27116678                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                         402517                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     27519195                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    91286649                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                91286661                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         91286649                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     91286661                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       322177396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   86822076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     87054337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             68836349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     115847                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     12462458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    68836349                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           93154506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          48421595                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           334460451                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           56002047                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     27126088                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   24427653                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2698435                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              17431.019422                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              322159964.980578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.999946                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000054                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         15637716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 59937581     68.84%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     753      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                24427653     28.06%     96.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2698435      3.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  87064428                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      47                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           63100437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         22821.134539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        182576063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       182576063                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     91283884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       91283884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     91283884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        91283884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     91283884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       91283884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    183963112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183963112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    183963112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    183963112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    183963112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    183963112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     91286649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91286649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     91286649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     91286649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     91286649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     91286649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 66532.771067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66532.771067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 66532.771067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66532.771067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 66532.771067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66532.771067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    178116888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178116888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    178116888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178116888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    178116888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178116888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 64418.404340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64418.404340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 64418.404340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64418.404340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 64418.404340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64418.404340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               165                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           378088                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.058852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           18183925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           378088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            48.094425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   255.058852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.996324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         54705407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        54705407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     23934397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23934397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      2561120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2561120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          151                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          151                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        24449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        24449                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2448                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2448                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     26495517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        26495517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     26495668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       26495668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       461240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       461240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       108665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       108665                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         6328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6328                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        16204                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        16204                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       569905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        569905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       569982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       569982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  23681547978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23681547978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   6051146990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6051146990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    113634906                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    113634906                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    744067500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    744067500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       273000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       273000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  29732694968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29732694968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  29732694968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29732694968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     24395637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24395637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      2669785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2669785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          228                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          228                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        30777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        30777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        18652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     27065422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27065422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     27065650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27065650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.018907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.337719                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.337719                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.205608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.205608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.868754                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.868754                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.021057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.021059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 51343.222570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51343.222570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 55686.255832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55686.255832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17957.475664                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17957.475664                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45918.754628                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45918.754628                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 52171.317971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.317971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 52164.270044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52164.270044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            40215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       461240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       461240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       108665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       108665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6255                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6255                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        16199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        16199                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       569905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       569905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       569982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       569982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  22739234980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22739234980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   5833812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6245502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     89796592                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89796592                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    711717500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    711717500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       225000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       225000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  28573046980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28573046980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  28579292482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28579292482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1319490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1319490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       787500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       787500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      2106990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2106990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.018907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.040702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.337719                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337719                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.203236                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203236                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.868486                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868486                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.021057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.021059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 49300.223268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49300.223268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 53686.209911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53686.209911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 81110.415584                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81110.415584                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14355.969944                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14355.969944                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43935.891104                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43935.891104                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 50136.508681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.508681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 50140.693008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50140.693008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             16693                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        40045842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              40045732.245571                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                109.754429                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          184.183607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   184.183607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.719467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.719467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.718750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        12000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        40046067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              40045954.013209                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                112.986791                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.183646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   209.183646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.817124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        40046138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              40046025.013009                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                112.986991                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          181.183600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   181.183600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.707748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.707748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2731                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       2448                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2732                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   2448                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             5179                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         5180                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       12631                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 26                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   12631                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            12631                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        12631                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       322178221                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      12329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        14854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                13659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        887                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1373                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       13659                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              24700                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              9525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               54232                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               5175                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         5558                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2819                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              322086258.040592                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              91962.959408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000285                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999715                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             2300                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     9668     63.24%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      57      0.37%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.04%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2819     18.44%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2739     17.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     15289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              22923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                   81                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            25545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           25545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        12348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        12348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           12348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        12348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          12348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13304996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13304996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13304996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13304996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13304996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13304996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        12631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        12631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        12631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        12631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        12631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 47014.120141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47014.120141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 47014.120141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47014.120141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 47014.120141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47014.120141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12736004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12736004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12736004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12736004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12736004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12736004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 45003.547703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45003.547703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 45003.547703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45003.547703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 45003.547703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45003.547703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          212.232144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              15788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           153.281553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   212.232144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.829032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            10498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           10498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2325                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           39                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         4809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            4809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         4848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           4848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3588999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3588999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2500499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2500499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       163500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       163500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       341000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       341000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6089498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6089498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6089498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6089498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.021053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.140845                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140845                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.171429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.171429                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28943.540323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28943.540323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 50009.980000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50009.980000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16350                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16350                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34997.114943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34997.114943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33275.945355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33275.945355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3340001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3340001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2399501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2399501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       157500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       317000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       317000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5739502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5739502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5897002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5897002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       118500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       118500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       274000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       274000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.021053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.171429                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171429                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.034919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.036374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26935.491935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26935.491935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 47990.020000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47990.020000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        17500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26416.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32985.643678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32985.643678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 32224.054645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32224.054645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                30                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 161089073000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -673534915.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       847650787.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -454368792.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       571827912.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3332784000.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       4416011558.400001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -668896081.920000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       703713070.080000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1425068297256.958984
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1602679015956.480225
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -420127246572.479980
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       472990081510.080017
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -4594694978640.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       5166906646608.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.161089
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       1731026593.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       442310766.364605
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       308329762.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       81009647.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       108949680.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6004268.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       403659076.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       388978973.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       207456261.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       390263.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       308329762.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       412858300.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       29.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       412858271.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       10482.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       108841655.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       5935175.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       115740360.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       808437.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1489635.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       295438.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       5134184
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       271642.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       10494.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       287891.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1896130.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       69867.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       270558.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
