timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         8333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                13333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          16666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               16666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          16666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         8333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total               30000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           40                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 153547156000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.694406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.328205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1596800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                2681600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     33.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate              100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 8530397555.56                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   94.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  150257650900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        5891000                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1100131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1215043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1081987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1136419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::4           1057795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::5                1022112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::6           975542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::7                1127952                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                 742152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 819672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 729912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 766632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::4                 713592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::5                 689520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::6           658104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::7                 760920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          4204761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          4683494.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               4298112                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          4523750.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::4          3964147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::5          3904243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::6          3780940.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::7          4284633.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         1944207.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         2110095.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         1801543.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         1927618.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::4         1841356.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::5         1801543.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::6         1675883.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::7         2000609.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::4       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::5       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::6       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::7       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       2381314152.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       2384328623.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       2382389346.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       2381618833.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::4       2384856944.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::5       2379936850.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::6       2378632872.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::7       2385001460.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       112006379472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       112003735200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       112005436320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       112006112208.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::4       112003271760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::5       112007587632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::6       112008731472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::7       112003144992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         122498807016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         122500014266.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         122498859360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         122499207600.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::4         122498827734.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::5         122498064040.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::6         122497576954.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::7         122499442705.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           64.419231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           64.419866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           64.419259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           64.419442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::4           64.419242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::5           64.418841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::6           64.418585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::7           64.419566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
