timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                 10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu6.data        11667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                16666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total            5000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          20000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               20000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          20000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu6.data        11667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               36666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                         10                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           37                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               17                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153611249000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.129882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    81.109840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     15.38%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     15.38%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     69.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.889678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     1996000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                3352000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     31.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 6982329500.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  150254876800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        8665100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1144281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1187222.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1111622.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1171497.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::4           1141257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::5           999129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::6           1032998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::7                1028160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 771936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1           800904.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2           749904.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 790296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::4                 769896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::5                 674016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::6           696864.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::7                 693600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               4462848                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          4731916.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          4379980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               4769856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::4               4365504                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::5               3851328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::6          3923212.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::7          3824870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         2010562.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2007244.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         1888220.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         1864581.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::4         2000609.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::5         1771683.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::6         1758412.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::7         1808179.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::4       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::5       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::6       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::7       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       2380858171.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       2381453688.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       2382990226.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       2381879136.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::4       2384118498.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::5       2377943072.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::6       2384009003.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::7       2385301763.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       112006779456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       112006257072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       112004909232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       112005883872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::4       112003919520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::5       112009336560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::6       112004015568.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::7       112002881568.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         122499149394.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         122499560187.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         122499151324.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         122499481378.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::4         122499437424                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::5         122497697928.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::6         122498558198.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::7         122498660280.000015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           64.419412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           64.419628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           64.419413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           64.419586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::4           64.419563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::5           64.418648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::6           64.419101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::7           64.419154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
