timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     13223584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total     13223584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        23616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        23616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      3305896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total      3305896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         5904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total         5904                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     86089986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       86089986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       153748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total        153748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     86243734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      86243734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs              3305896                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                5904                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts            3305896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts              5904                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM       105736800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ            51872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten           111680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys         13223584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys         23616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ            1621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts           2425                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0       147566                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1       206570                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2       223920                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3       166588                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4       275151                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5       212673                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6       190847                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       152717                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8       131762                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9       151597                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10       141775                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11       277546                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12       246005                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13       138524                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14       216731                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15       424303                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1          216                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2          224                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3          212                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4          228                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5          214                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6          228                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7          254                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8          229                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9          221                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          192                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          208                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          215                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          217                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          189                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          219                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           167475193500                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2        3305896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2          5904                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0          3304275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17             182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18             210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19             210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20             210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21             209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22             209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23             209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24             213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25             218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26             224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27             210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28             209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29             209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30             209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31             210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32             210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1099943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    96.230877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.511495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    57.619575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-63        63060      5.73%      5.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-127       721525     65.60%     71.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-191       210851     19.17%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-255        64672      5.88%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-319        25157      2.29%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-383         8113      0.74%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-447         3059      0.28%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::448-511         2361      0.21%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-575         1145      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1099943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 15793.047619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 14506.973831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6263.499925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            2      0.95%      0.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            3      1.43%      2.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            5      2.38%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            4      1.90%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191           10      4.76%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            5      2.38%     13.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            8      3.81%     17.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            8      3.81%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287           14      6.67%     28.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311           15      7.14%     35.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335           22     10.48%     45.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359           19      9.05%     54.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383           13      6.19%     60.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407           10      4.76%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431           12      5.71%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            8      3.81%     75.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            7      3.33%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            7      3.33%     81.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            5      2.38%     84.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            6      2.86%     87.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24575            6      2.86%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            4      1.90%     91.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::25600-26623            3      1.43%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            4      1.90%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            3      1.43%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            2      0.95%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      0.48%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.48%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            1      0.48%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34816-35839            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::35840-36863            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.619048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.592326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.962264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          147     70.00%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           60     28.57%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2      0.95%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            1      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat           26456388250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      82463849500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat         10573680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat               8006.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         24956.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                688.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              86.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  6.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              6.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits           2207259                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits              563                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          66.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         16.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               50569.24                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             66.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    120699250                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 150142842650                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     526555209.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1        501128208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2        632850624                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     503211139.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::4     467944646.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::5     549282988.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::6     622374883.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::7     787037731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0        355215816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1        338062680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2        426923040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3        339467832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::4        315676944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::5     370548048.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::6        419856072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::7     530938152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    1114070630.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1      1144955136                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    1387549862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    1048730342.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::4      1007710080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::5      1295970624                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::6    1439643878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::7    2176301337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   41908285.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   42036019.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   41977543.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   41936486.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4   41998694.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5   42004500.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6   41941877.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7   42007403.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 54493139635.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 53128181957.760002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 58420370833.920006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 51619588384.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4 50285334208.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5 56826770944.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6 59002396064.640007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7 65070972547.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 66294251856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1  67491583152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  62849312208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3  68814910848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4  69985309248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5  64247206848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6  62338763760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7  57015451056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   130928263571.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   130749069291.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   131862106250.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   130470967171.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4   130207095960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5   131434906092.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6   131968098674.880020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7   133725830366.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     68.852084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     68.757850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     69.343170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     68.611602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::4     68.472839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::5     69.118515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::6     69.398908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::7     70.323258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
