timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         5000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                11667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu4.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total            6667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          23333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               23333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          23333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         5000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               35000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              23                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153623939000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.478261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.218906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.069421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     17.39%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     17.39%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     65.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     7.659417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1397200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2346400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     31.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 7315425666.67                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  150253319800                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT       10222100                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                1170288                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1186012.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           1169078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           1054771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::4           1104364.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::5                 928368                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::6           918086.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::7                 979776                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                 789480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 800088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2           788664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 711552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::4                 745008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::5                 626280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::6                 619344                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::7                 660960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               4607616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          4651046.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          4721433.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               4265664                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::4               4250688                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::5               3546816                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::6          3486412.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::7          3680601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              2001024                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2017198.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         1914347.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         1725235.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::4         1924300.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::5         1632337.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::6         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::7         1728552.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::4       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::5       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::6       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::7       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       2380900524.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       2383329764.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       2380575432.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       2380934341.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::4       2383124947.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::5       2379841145.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::6       2378357248.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::7       2381481815.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       112006742304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       112004611392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       112007027472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       112006712640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::4       112004791056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::5       112007671584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::6       112008973248.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::7       112006232400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         122499333375.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         122499717640.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         122499318567.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         122498526342.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::4         122499062503.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::5         122497368670.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::6         122497092227.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::7         122497886244.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           64.419508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           64.419710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           64.419501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           64.419084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::4           64.419366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::5           64.418475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::6           64.418330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::7           64.418747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
