timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         6667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                11667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          23333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               23333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          23333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         6667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               35000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           49                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               31                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               9                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153610464000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.694406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    10.528592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                3     75.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    25.789678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3     75.00%     75.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               1     25.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     1945200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                2894400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    34735.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               51685.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     34.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     87                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               77.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 7314784000.00                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   80.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  150256613300                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        6928600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           1337817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1                1143072                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1317254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           1116460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::4           1199318.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::5           954979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::6           1105574.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::7           1190851.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                 902496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 771120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2           888624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                 753168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::4           809064.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::5                 644232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::6           745824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::7                 803352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          5275046.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          4483814.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          5327462.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          4399948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::4          4554700.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::5          3614707.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::6          4194777.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::7          4528243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         2302525.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         1937571.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         2183086.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         1877852.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::4         2093506.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::5         1685836.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::6         1960796.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::7         2057011.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::4       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::5       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::6       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::7       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       2387171217.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       2382010355.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       2384855357.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       2382735778.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::4       2385812848.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::5       2381143481.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::6       2384289881.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::7       2385267289.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       112001241696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       112005768768.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       112003273152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       112005132432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::4       112002433248.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::5       112006529184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::6       112003769184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::7       112002911808.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         122501352937.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         122499236840.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         122500967075.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         122499137779.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::4         122500024824.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::5         122497694559.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::6         122499188176.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::7         122499880694.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           64.420570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           64.419458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           64.420367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           64.419405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::4           64.419872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::5           64.418646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::6           64.419432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::7           64.419796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           43                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
