timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         3333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                 8333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            3333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          16666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               16666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          16666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.inst         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         3333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               25000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           25                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               24                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               7                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153615929000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.823529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.235650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.206319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     17.65%     17.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     17.65%     35.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     64.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      998000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1676000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     31.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 10241061933.33                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   79.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  150257769950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        5771950                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1144281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                1224720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1198713.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           1157587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::4           1117065.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::5           914457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::6           1040860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::7           1057795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 771936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                 826200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                 808656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 780912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::4                 753576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::5                 616896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::6                 702168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::7                 713592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          4411430.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               4877184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          4840243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          4685990.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::4          4260172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::5          3482918.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::6          3985612.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::7               4070976                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         2043740.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         2010562.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         1941304.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         1894440.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::4         1987338.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::5         1615749.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::6         1798225.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::7         1831403.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::4       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::5       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::6       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::7       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       2383137259.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       2384781431.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       2382985903.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       2381349666.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::4       2382034760.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::5       2377840527.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::6       2381338448.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::7       2382050957.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       112004780256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       112003338000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       112004913024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       112006348320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::4       112005747360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::5       112009426512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::6       112006358160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::7       112005733152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         122499411042.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         122500180236.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         122499809983.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         122499339055.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::4         122499022412.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::5         122497019199.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::6         122498345615.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::7         122498580015.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           64.419549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           64.419954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           64.419759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           64.419511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::4           64.419345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::5           64.418291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::6           64.418989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::7           64.419112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
