timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    nan                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 150263541900                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::4                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::5                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::6                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::7                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::4               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::5               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::6               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::7               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::4              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::5              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::6              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::7              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::4 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::5 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::6 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::7 8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::4 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::5 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::6 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::7 2352428559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::4 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::5 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::6 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::7 112031717712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::4   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::5   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::6   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::7   122487268410.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::4     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::5     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::6     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::7     64.413164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
