timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.data         8333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                13333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          25000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               25000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          25000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.data         8333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total               38333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           39                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8               15                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               8                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 153575590000                       # Total gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.285714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.432129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.523597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     17.86%     17.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     17.86%     35.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     64.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.396721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::56               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1968800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                3053600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    30762.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               47712.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     28.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 6677199565.22                       # Average gap between requests
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   84.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  150254653150                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     3338400600                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        8888750                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1089244.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1193270.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1114646.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           1045094.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::4                1049328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::5           999129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::6                 937440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::7           1193270.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 734808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           804984.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2           751944.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3           705024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::4                 707880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::5                 674016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::6                 632400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::7           804984.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          4250188.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          4666022.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          4483315.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          4151846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::4          3979123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::5          3846835.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::6          3517862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::7          4475827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         1911029.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         2096824.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         1831818.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         1745141.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::4         1857945.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::5         1748459.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::6         1612431.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::7         2096824.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::4       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::5       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::6       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::7       8103122138.880000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       2380910319.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       2382317334.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       2381294344.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       2379827082.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::4       2383096547.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::5       2380779210.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::6       2378255961.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::7       2387869335.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       112006733712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       112005499488.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       112006396848.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       112007683920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::4       112004815968.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::5       112006848720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::6       112009062096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::7       112000629312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         122498751441.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         122499700062.720016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         122498995055.040024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         122498280247.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::4         122498628931.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::5         122498018509.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::6         122497140330.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::7         122500191692.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           64.419202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           64.419701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           64.419330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           64.418954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::4           64.419138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::5           64.418817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::6           64.418355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::7           64.419960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
timestamp8.system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
