sim_seconds                                  0.051188                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51188008000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3380444263500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5772445                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6445761                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1230961339                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    41.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   240039898                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     268038968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           20                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           20                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           20                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       191232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       194304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total           393472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       192000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        192000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              1537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3735875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        80019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3795889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        55013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             7686800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        80019                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        55013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         155036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       3750879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            3750879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       3750879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3735875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        80019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3795889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        55013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           11437679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      1537                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      750                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   12296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   6000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM               393216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                192256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                393472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             192000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 51187446000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               12296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               6000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  1534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.686936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.746363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.025787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          245      9.61%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%     10.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            3      0.12%     10.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            4      0.16%     10.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     10.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      9.49%     20.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2027     79.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.918699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.235582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.629558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           13      5.28%      5.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           92     37.40%     43.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           32     13.01%     56.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.32%     63.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.50%     69.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.47%     74.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.47%     78.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           11      4.47%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.03%     85.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.03%     87.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      3.25%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.22%     91.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.81%     92.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.22%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.81%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.41%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      1.22%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.81%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.81%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::416-423            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.422764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.339173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.303531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            233     94.72%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      4.47%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  343172248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat             551453848                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                 39321600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   27927.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              44877.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       7.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       3.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    7.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    3.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  10744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  5003                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 22381917.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46445947889                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     244246256                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          1429142.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          1434585.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          1512604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          1488412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          964104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                967776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               1020408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1004088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0              5244096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         5347929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2              5551104                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              5416320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        2611077.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        2574581.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        2660843.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        2621445.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      2009915559.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      2009473038.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      2011565805.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3        2012018832                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       22157123616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1      22157511792.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2      22155676032.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       22155278640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        31045383822.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        31045405931.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        31046083025.280003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        31045923965.759998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.872361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.872416                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.874115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.873716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       192768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       199680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total           398848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        192512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              1558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3765882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3900914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        15004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             7791825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         105025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       3760881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            3760881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       3760881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3765882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3900914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        15004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           11552706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      1558                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      752                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   12464                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   6016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM               398848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                192768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                398848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             192512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        14371                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 51190001000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               12464                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               6016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         2584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.953560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.262470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.214896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.40%      9.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.35%      9.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.66%     10.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.43%     10.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           16      0.62%     11.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.27%     11.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.21%     20.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2043     79.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         2584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.991968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.171809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.929422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           11      4.42%      4.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           87     34.94%     39.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           35     14.06%     53.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           19      7.63%     61.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           19      7.63%     69.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           13      5.22%     74.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           10      4.02%     78.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      3.21%     81.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            9      3.61%     85.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.20%     86.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            7      2.81%     89.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.01%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.61%     92.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      1.61%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.80%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.80%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.40%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.80%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            3      1.20%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.40%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            2      0.80%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.192771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.166948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.229259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            243     97.59%     97.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      2.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  359582844                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat             570847644                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                 39884800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   28849.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              45799.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       7.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    7.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    3.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  10889                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  5015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 22160173.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46439721615                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     250548030                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          1631145.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          1561593.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          1583971.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          1648684.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               1100376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               1053456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               1068552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               1112208                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         6045811.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1              5775744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2              5748288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         6147148.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0             2903040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        2750423.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        2816778.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        2906772.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      2012400613.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      2011952566.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      2012549342.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      2012080720.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       22154943744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       22155336768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       22154813280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      22155224352.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        31047120958.079998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        31046526778.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        31046676439.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        31047216114.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.876718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.875228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.875603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.876957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       203776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total           391168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              1528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        30007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3980932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3510822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        25006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             7641790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        30007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        25006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         130030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       3730874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        30007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3980932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3510822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        25006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           11372664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      1528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   12224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM               390912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                190976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                391168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             190976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            1448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 51190876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               12224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         2531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.904386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.609209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.374399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          236      9.32%      9.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      0.16%      9.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.47%      9.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.51%     10.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.43%     10.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      0.20%     11.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      9.21%     20.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2017     79.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         2531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.263158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.585928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.565596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.10%      8.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           79     31.98%     40.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           43     17.41%     58.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      6.88%     65.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            9      3.64%     68.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           16      6.48%     75.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           13      5.26%     80.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.83%     83.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            3      1.21%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            7      2.83%     87.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.62%     89.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.21%     90.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.62%     91.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.21%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.62%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.81%     95.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.81%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.81%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.40%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.40%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            2      0.81%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::272-279            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.161943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.090646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.901564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.21%      1.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::20              4      1.62%      2.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            230     93.12%     95.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      4.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  345787452                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             552848652                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                 39091200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   28306.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              45256.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       7.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       3.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    7.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    3.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  10680                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4973                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 22511379.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46441087048                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     249166413                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          1470268.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          1410998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          1510185.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          1474502.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                991848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1          951864.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          1018776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3          994704.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         5479219.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         5228121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         5520153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         5315481.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        2647572.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        2501591.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        2734248.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        2607759.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      2010418764.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      2010077475.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      2010709054.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      2011629663.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       22156685760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       22156985136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       22156431120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       22155623568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        31045789660.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        31045251414.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        31046019766.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        31045741906.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.873367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.872017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.873945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.873248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       194048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       196352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total           397056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       192256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        192256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              1551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              751                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        25006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3790888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3835898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             7756817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         130030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       3755880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            3755880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       3755880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        25006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3790888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        75018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3835898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           11512696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      1551                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      751                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   12408                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   6008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM               396800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                192000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                397056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             192256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           13                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            1656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 51182543000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               12408                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               6008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  1548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         2560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean          230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.516506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.550207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.34%      9.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%      9.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     10.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.35%     10.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      9.14%     20.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2045     79.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         2560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.516129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.206006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.222704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           13      5.24%      6.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           85     34.27%     40.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           37     14.92%     55.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           21      8.47%     63.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      4.84%     68.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           15      6.05%     74.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           20      8.06%     82.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.42%     85.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      0.81%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.02%     87.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.02%     89.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.21%     91.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.61%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.21%     93.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            4      1.61%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.40%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      1.21%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.40%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.81%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.40%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::392-399            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.193548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.161335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.426626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            243     97.98%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      1.61%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  350232232                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat             560412232                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                 39680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   28244.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              45194.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       7.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       3.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    7.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    3.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  10846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  4994                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 22233945.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46431765205                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     258428940                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          1427932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          1432771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2               1536192                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          1491436.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                963288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                966552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1036320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1006128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         5220134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1              5269056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         5630476.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         5443276.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        2647572.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        2591585.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        2707292.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        2644254.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      2010463908.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      2010374824.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      2012060255.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      2012025617.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       22156642608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      22156720752.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       22155242304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       22155272688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0         31045461672                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        31045451768.640003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        31046309067.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        31045979629.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.872556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.872531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.874682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.873856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       179712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total           396032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       191488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        191488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              1547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        40009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3510822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        85020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      4065952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             7736812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        40009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        85020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         160037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       3740876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            3740876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       3740876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        40009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3510822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        85020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      4065952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           11477688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      1547                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      748                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   12376                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   5984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM               396032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                192000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                396032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             191488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 52681101000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               12376                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               5984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         2574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.450660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.630111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.552278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      9.36%      9.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.66%     10.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.54%     10.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.39%     10.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.58%     11.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.70%     12.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          236      9.17%     21.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2023     78.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         2574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.105263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.401862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.802309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           19      7.69%      8.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           83     33.60%     41.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           36     14.57%     56.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           15      6.07%     62.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.48%     68.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.05%     72.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.05%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            8      3.24%     80.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.64%     83.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            7      2.83%     86.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      3.24%     89.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.62%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.62%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.40%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.62%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            3      1.21%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.81%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.40%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            3      1.21%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.81%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::392-399            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.291498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.237545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.744925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.40%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.81%      1.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.40%      1.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            232     93.93%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      4.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  366653492                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat             576426692                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                 39603200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29626.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46576.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       7.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       3.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    7.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    3.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  10817                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4985                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 22954728.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46443663839                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     246530306                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          1463011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          1472083.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2               1527120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3               1493856                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                986952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                993072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               1030200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1007760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         5432793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         5365401.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         5691379.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         5416819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        2630983.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        2578314.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        2664161.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        2677432.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      2009749210.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      2011451932.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      2011352232.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      2011860362.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       22157269536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       22155775920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       22155863376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       22155417648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        31045628714.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        31045732951.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        31046224697.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        31045970106.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.872975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.873237                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.874470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.873832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       192000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       192768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total           395520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       192768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        192768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              1545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        25006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        40009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3750879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       105025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3765882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             7726810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        40009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       105025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         175041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       3765882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            3765882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       3765882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        25006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        40009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3750879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       105025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3765882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           11492692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      1545                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      753                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   12360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   6024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM               395520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                192768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                395520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             192768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           27                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 52678719000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               12360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               6024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         2569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.994940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.812571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.559599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      9.69%      9.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%     10.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.35%     10.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.12%     10.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.31%     10.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.51%     11.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          246      9.58%     21.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2029     78.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         2569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.408000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.123465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    45.690788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.00%      8.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           92     36.80%     45.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           33     13.20%     58.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           18      7.20%     65.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      4.80%     70.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           16      6.40%     76.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.00%     80.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.40%     83.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.20%     86.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            5      2.00%     88.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.20%     89.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.60%     91.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.60%     92.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.20%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.80%     94.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.40%     95.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.40%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.80%     96.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.80%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.40%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.40%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.40%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.40%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.40%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::336-343            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.096000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.075342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.074898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.40%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.40%      0.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            244     97.60%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      1.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  349475456                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             558977456                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                 39552000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   28274.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              45224.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       7.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    7.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    3.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  10800                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  5015                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 22923724.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46433626020                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     256568125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0               1484784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          1407369.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          1535587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          1437609.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1001640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                949416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1035912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                969816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         5537625.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         5215641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         5555596.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         5276044.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        2611077.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        2501591.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        2760791.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        2584535.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      2011291712.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      2009858158.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2        2012050296                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      2010585222.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       22155916464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       22157173968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       22155251040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      22156536192.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        31045939531.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        31045202372.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        31046285450.879997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        31045485648.000004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.873755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.871906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.874623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.872616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       192512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       193024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total           394240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       189696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        189696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              1540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3760881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       115027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             7701804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       115027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         160037                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       3705868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            3705868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       3705868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3760881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       115027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           11407672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      1540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      741                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   12320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5928                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM               394016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                189696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                394240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             189696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 51186956000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               12320                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5928                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  1539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         2540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.807874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.165665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.755431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.41%      9.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.51%      9.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.39%     10.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           12      0.47%     11.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      9.21%     20.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2024     79.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         2540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.814050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.028355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.024525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           15      6.20%      7.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           78     32.23%     39.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           36     14.88%     54.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           17      7.02%     61.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.79%     66.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           15      6.20%     73.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           17      7.02%     80.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      2.48%     82.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.31%     85.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.07%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            3      1.24%     89.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.83%     90.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.24%     91.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.24%     92.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.24%     93.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.24%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.41%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.83%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.83%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.83%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.83%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            2      0.83%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.495868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.431795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.933002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     93.80%     93.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             15      6.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  359653438                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat             568358788                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                 39401600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29209.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46159.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       7.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       3.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    7.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    3.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  10757                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4944                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 22440576.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46447421440                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     242772705                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          1467244.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          1409788.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          1505347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          1553731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                989808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                951048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1015512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1048152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         5508172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         5227622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         5525145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         5667417.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        2614394.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        2508226.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        2680750.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        2707706.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      2010567493.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      2010015259.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      2010744293.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      2012870712.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       22156551744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       22157036160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       22156396656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       22154531376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        31045795085.759998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        31045244332.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        31045963932.480003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        31046475324.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.873393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.872011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.873816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.875099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       189440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total           395264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              1544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3700867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        90021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3845901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             7721809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        90021                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         140033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       3730874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3700867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        90021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3845901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           11452682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      1544                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   12352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM               395040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                190976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                395264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             190976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 52706469000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               12352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  1539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         2552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.630094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.015340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.816889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.37%      9.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.55%      9.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.39%     10.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.43%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.55%     11.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.21%     20.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2029     79.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         2552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.020325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.341708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.349723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           23      9.35%      9.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           71     28.86%     38.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           47     19.11%     57.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           12      4.88%     62.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.50%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            8      3.25%     72.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.07%     76.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           12      4.88%     81.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      2.85%     84.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           10      4.07%     88.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.63%     89.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      2.03%     91.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      1.22%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.81%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.41%     94.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.81%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.22%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.81%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.81%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.260163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.217762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.556225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     95.53%     96.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  350101334                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat             559349084                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                 39504000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   28359.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              45309.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       7.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       3.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    7.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    3.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  10793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4968                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 23015925.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46442677964                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     247516181                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0               1430352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          1395878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          1452124.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          1487203.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                964920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1          941664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                979608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1003272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         5228121.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         5239603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         5277542.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         5412326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        2564628.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        2531450.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        2630983.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        2614809.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0        2010511296                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      2009490603.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      2010705442.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      2010908782.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       22156601040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       22157496384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       22156430736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       22156252368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        31045396585.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        31045191812.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        31045572665.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        31045774989.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.872393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.871879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.872835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.873342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       194304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       193792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total           397568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       191488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        191488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              1553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3795889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       120028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3785887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             7766819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       120028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         180042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       3740876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            3740876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       3740876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3795889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       120028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3785887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           11507695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      1553                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      748                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   12424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   5984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM               397568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                191488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                397568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             191488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 51186572000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               12424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               5984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  1552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  1552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  1552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         2567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.509934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.854170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.919815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      9.39%      9.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           13      0.51%      9.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.43%     10.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.51%     10.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          236      9.19%     20.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2040     79.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         2567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.471545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.468005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    48.218605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           16      6.50%      6.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           74     30.08%     36.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           44     17.89%     54.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           25     10.16%     65.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.50%     71.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.47%     76.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           14      5.69%     81.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      2.03%     83.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.25%     86.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.63%     88.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.03%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.81%     91.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.81%     92.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.22%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.41%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.81%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.22%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.81%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            2      0.81%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::480-487            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.325203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.264323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.884398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     95.53%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.66%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::40              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  348749380                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat             559336180                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                 39756800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   28070.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              45020.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       7.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       3.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    7.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    3.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  10863                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4979                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 22245359.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46441111424                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     249010810                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          1472083.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          1510185.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          1545868.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3               1524096                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                993072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1          1018776.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               1042848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               1028160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         5535628.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         5775244.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         5651942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3              5576064                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        2640936.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        2618127.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        2717245.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        2727198.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      2010009021.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      2010647603.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      2012072019.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      2011172204.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      22157041632.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      22156481472.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       22155231984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       22156021296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        31045788601.920002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        31046147637.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        31046358136.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        31046145246.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.873376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.874277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.874805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.874271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       195840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total           398080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              1555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3805891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        60014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3825896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             7776821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        60014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         120028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       3730874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        20005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3805891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        60014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3825896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           11507695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      1555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   12440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM               397824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                191232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                398080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             190976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 51190876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               12440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         2577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.582072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.335807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.818283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      9.66%      9.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.58%     10.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.39%     10.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.19%     10.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     11.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.62%     11.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          246      9.55%     21.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2027     78.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         2577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.064516                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.526031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.962683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.81%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           18      7.26%      8.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           79     31.85%     39.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           36     14.52%     54.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           25     10.08%     64.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            9      3.63%     68.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      4.84%     72.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           14      5.65%     78.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            9      3.63%     82.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      2.02%     84.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.21%     85.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           10      4.03%     89.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.02%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.81%     92.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.81%     93.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.21%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            3      1.21%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.81%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            4      1.61%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.81%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            2      0.81%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.096774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.056320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.447709                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.40%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.81%      1.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            237     95.56%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      2.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  356905512                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             567627912                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                 39782400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   28708.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              45658.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       7.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       3.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    7.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    3.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    30.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  10859                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4972                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 22247229.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46439795983                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     250398162                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          1465430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1               1448496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2               1502928                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          1509580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          988584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                977160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1013880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               1018368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         5459750.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         5383372.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         5484211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         5452262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        2638033.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        2524815.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        2697338.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        2710609.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      2009709100.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      2010293510.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      2011277649.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      2011803618.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       22157304720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       22156792080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       22155928800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       22155467424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        31045661847.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        31045515662.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        31046001035.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        31046058091.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.873058                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.872692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.873909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.874052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       193792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       193024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total           396288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        190976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              1548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        15004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        25006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3785887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       100023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3770883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             7741813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        25006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       100023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         165039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            3730874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       3730874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        15004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        25006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3785887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       100023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        40009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           11472687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      1548                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   12384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   5968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM               396288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                191488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                396288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             190976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 51186795000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               12384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               5968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         2567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.973899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.669838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.670230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          251      9.78%      9.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.43%     10.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.12%     10.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     10.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.55%     11.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          244      9.51%     20.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2029     79.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         2567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.373984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.645337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.937064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.13%      8.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           76     30.89%     39.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           44     17.89%     57.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           13      5.28%     62.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           16      6.50%     69.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.07%     73.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            6      2.44%     75.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           10      4.07%     79.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      3.66%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            9      3.66%     86.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      1.63%     88.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            5      2.03%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      1.63%     92.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            4      1.63%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.63%     95.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.81%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.81%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.81%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.81%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.325203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.253901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.085894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.81%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.81%      1.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            232     94.31%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.25%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::40              2      0.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  352982604                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat             562891404                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                 39628800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   28503.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              45453.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       7.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       3.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    7.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    3.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  10825                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4976                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 22313336.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46438734440                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     251459705                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          1469059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1               1469664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          1487203.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          1505347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                991032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                991440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1003272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1015512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         5428300.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         5535628.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         5395852.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         5451763.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        2640936.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        2571678.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        2650890.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        2700656.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      2010342265.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      2010668232.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      2011466871.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      2011565257.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      22156749312.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       22156463376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       22155762816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      22155676512.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        31045717134.720005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        31045796248.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        31045863133.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        31046011276.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.873197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.873396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.873563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.873935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       194560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       193280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total           393984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       192000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        192000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              1539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3800890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        70016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3775884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        20005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             7696803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        70016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        20005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         100023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       3750879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            3750879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       3750879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3800890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        70016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3775884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        20005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           11447681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      1539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      750                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   12312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   6000                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM               393472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                192000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                393984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             192000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 52684387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               12312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               6000                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         2561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.610699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.456393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.746093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      9.61%      9.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.59%     10.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.39%     10.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.23%     10.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     11.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.62%     11.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.29%     21.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2018     78.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         2561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    49.425101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.069834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.450410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.40%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           19      7.69%      8.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           83     33.60%     41.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           42     17.00%     58.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           14      5.67%     64.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            9      3.64%     68.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      3.64%     71.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           17      6.88%     78.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            9      3.64%     82.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.81%     83.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            8      3.24%     86.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            6      2.43%     88.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.02%     90.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            5      2.02%     92.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.40%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.02%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.81%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.81%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.40%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.81%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            2      0.81%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.291498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.233785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.779527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.40%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.81%      1.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            233     94.33%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             11      4.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  340421180                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             548838380                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                 39347200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   27685.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              44635.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       7.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       3.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    7.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    3.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  10748                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4987                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 23016333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46439581288                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     250612857                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          1467849.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          1402531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2               1442448                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          1520467.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0          990216.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                946152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                973080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1025712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0              5431296                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         5172211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         5220134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3              5491200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        2614394.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        2501591.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        2601538.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        2750423.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      2010106969.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      2009869868.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      2010766017.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      2011655108.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      22156955712.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       22157163696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       22156377600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       22155597696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        31045662666.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        31045152277.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        31045477046.399998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        31046136834.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.873060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.871780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.872595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.874250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       190720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total           399104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        193024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              1559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              754                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        35008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3875908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        85020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3725873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        55013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             7796826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        35008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        85020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        55013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         175041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       3770883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            3770883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       3770883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        35008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3875908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        85020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3725873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        55013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           11567709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      1559                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      754                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   12472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   6032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM               398848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                192768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                399104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             193024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           72                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 51189557000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               12472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               6032                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  1556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  1556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  1556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  1556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         2579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.397441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.557106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.119117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      9.54%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.35%      9.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.43%     10.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.27%     10.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     10.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.39%     11.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.23%     20.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2049     79.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         2579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.008097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.991905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.106787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            3      1.21%      1.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           20      8.10%      9.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           75     30.36%     39.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           38     15.38%     55.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           25     10.12%     65.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           10      4.05%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      5.26%     74.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.05%     78.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            8      3.24%     81.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.02%     83.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.43%     86.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           12      4.86%     91.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.40%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.40%     91.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      2.02%     93.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.81%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.81%     95.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.40%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.81%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.40%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.40%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.40%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.81%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.40%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-327            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.388664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.313232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.220276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.40%      0.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.40%      0.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            234     94.74%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      4.05%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::48              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  357973884                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             569238684                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                 39884800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   28720.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              45670.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       7.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    7.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    3.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  10900                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  5009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 22131239.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46432548814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     257645331                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          1480550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1               1433376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2               1499904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3               1557360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          998784.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                966960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1011840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               1050600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         5435788.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         5364902.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         5507673.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         5676403.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        2647572.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        2498273.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        2713927.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        2730931.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      2010789383.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      2010467465.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      2010955622.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      2012605813.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       22156357104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       22156639488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       22156211280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       22154763744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        31045805410.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        31045466692.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        31045996475.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        31046481079.679996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.873419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.872569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.873898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.875113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       190208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total           395776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       188160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        188160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              1546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3715870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        95022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3875908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             7731811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        95022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         140033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       3675861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            3675861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       3675861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3715870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        95022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3875908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        35008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           11407672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      1546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      735                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   12368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM               395264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                188672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                395776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             188160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 51189413000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               12368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.084347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.719443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.688532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          250      9.81%      9.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.47%     10.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     10.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.04%     10.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.24%     10.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.63%     11.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      9.34%     20.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2020     79.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.864198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.351463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.383837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           18      7.41%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           75     30.86%     38.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           36     14.81%     53.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           21      8.64%     61.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.76%     67.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           16      6.58%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           14      5.76%     79.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.88%     82.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      1.65%     84.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.65%     86.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            6      2.47%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.82%     89.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      2.47%     91.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.82%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      2.06%     94.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.82%     95.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.82%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.82%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.82%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.263374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.220462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.565570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            232     95.47%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  348625632                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat             557992032                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                 39526400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   28224.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              45174.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       7.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       3.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    7.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    3.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  10799                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4900                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 22441654.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46445513872                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     244826989                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          1529539.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          1456358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          1476921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          1542844.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1031832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1          982464.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          996336.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               1040808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0              5760768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         5503180.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         5323468.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         5651942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        2707292.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        2557992.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        2660843.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        2717660.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      2010983639.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      2009966558.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      2011249249.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      2012518918.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       22156186704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       22157078880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      22155953712.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       22154839968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        31046296002.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        31045641662.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        31045756759.680004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        31046408369.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.874649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.873008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.873296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.874931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       200192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       190464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total           397824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        188672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              1554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3910916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        95022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3720871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             7771820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        95022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         140033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       3685863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            3685863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       3685863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        15004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3910916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        95022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3720871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           11457684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      1554                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   12432                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   5896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM               397824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                188416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                397824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             188672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            1616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 51173763000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               12432                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               5896                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.988231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.135828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.789260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      9.65%      9.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6      0.24%      9.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     10.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     10.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223            7      0.27%     10.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      9.45%     20.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2034     79.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         2549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.061728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.722810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.810666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           12      4.94%      4.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           83     34.16%     39.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           50     20.58%     59.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           11      4.53%     64.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      4.94%     69.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           17      7.00%     76.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           12      4.94%     81.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            6      2.47%     83.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.29%     86.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            1      0.41%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            3      1.23%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.23%     89.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            7      2.88%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.23%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     94.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.82%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.82%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.41%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.82%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.41%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::392-399            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.230453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.167614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.812599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.82%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.41%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.41%      1.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            229     94.24%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      4.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  361134448                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat             571856848                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                 39782400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29048.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              45998.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       7.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       3.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    7.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    3.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  10865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 22336867.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46444631429                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     245548966                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0               1487808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          1476921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          1504742.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3               1581552                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               1003680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          996336.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2          1015104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               1066920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         5559091.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         5583052.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         5563084.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         5800204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        2647987.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        2604441.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        2690703.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        2773647.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      2010649792.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      2010233154.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      2010599449.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      2012163566.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      22156479552.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       22156845024                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      22156523712.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       22155151680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        31045924138.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        31045835158.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        31045993024.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        31046633798.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.873716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.873493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.873889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.875496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       188928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       199168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total           396800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        189184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              1550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      3690864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       105025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3890911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             7751816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5001                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       105025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         140033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       3695866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            3695866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       3695866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3690864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       105025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3890911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        30007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           11447681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      1550                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   12400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   5912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM               396288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                189440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                396800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             189184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                   16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 52684513000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               12400                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               5912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         2546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.058130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.350489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.668907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.54%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95            7      0.27%      9.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.27%     10.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.27%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            5      0.20%     10.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.39%     20.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2034     79.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         2546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.655738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.723821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    45.498930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           15      6.15%      6.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           83     34.02%     40.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           36     14.75%     55.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           19      7.79%     63.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.74%     68.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      4.51%     73.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           10      4.10%     77.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           11      4.51%     81.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           10      4.10%     86.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.23%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      2.05%     89.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.64%     90.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      2.46%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.23%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.41%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.41%     95.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      1.23%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.41%     97.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.41%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.41%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.41%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::424-431            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.262295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.219555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.562436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.41%      0.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            233     95.49%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              9      3.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  348723052                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             558631852                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                 39628800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   28159.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              45109.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       7.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       3.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    7.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    3.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  10827                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4931                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 23016388.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46444252882                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    4497759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     245941263                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          1509580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1               1442448                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2               1451520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          1522281.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               1018368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                973080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                979200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          1026936.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0              5703360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         5352422.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         5296012.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         5575564.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        2634301.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        2574581.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        2604441.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        2701071.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      6868096227.839999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      2010651926.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      2010213783.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      2011630757.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      2011609854.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       22156477680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       22156862016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       22155619056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      22155637392.000004                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        31046091444.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        31045514559.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2         31045677216                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        31046169328.320004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.874136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.872689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.873097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.874331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             11942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         764010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       841103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       841173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 841173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      9394177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9394317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9394317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9246000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    304761500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    197043000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       323999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    382006497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      7281500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      3358000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    103702500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           37                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          421                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       193500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       152000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1814998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        15000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        56000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        59499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       108500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           473                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                           46                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             2084997                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             316500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                           750525                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            801784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  801784    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              801784                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               23500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  35                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           216702500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               51260                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy          415752000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              39353                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18469                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18469                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            11942                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             149                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         14414                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          14563                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        22623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        22641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        22633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        22681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 90578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       136704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       154112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       150272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       151296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       142336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      2352896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       142592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       152064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       153600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       145152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       140800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      2347776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       151040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       154112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       139520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       136448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       139776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       149504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       152576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       156416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       151296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      2348545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       153856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       142336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       149248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       143616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       151296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       141824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       153088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       139520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      2344960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                9394177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     25856600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    182067671                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    112254800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       208600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     20179600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     20373637                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8798600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     62118118                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            1                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime               1400                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           29369000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              16681                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            9114600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2299                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            9215200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2308                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            9199800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            9249000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2315                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            9210200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2293                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            9127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2285                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            9084600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2289                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            9183800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy            9188000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded               2300                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy           9210200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              2293                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy           9123600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              2294                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           9371000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              2385                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           9190800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              2302                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy           9182400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              2296                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy           9279000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              2325                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy          66052948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              9808                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy          66077932                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              9826                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy          66053038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              9818                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy          66377008                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              9866                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18469                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18469                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        11942                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          149                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        14414                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14563                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6285                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        22623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        22641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        22633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        22681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        90578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      2352896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      2347776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      2348545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      2344960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      9394177                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14775200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     73876000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     47768000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       119200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     11531200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     11650400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      5028000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     25140000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp         9500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        14600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    11                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        29900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     19874400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        12815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     19816800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        12815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     19842500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        12815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     19688800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        12815                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy    110667200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        39318                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             814815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            814815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            11074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        764031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         764682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           380698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          380698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1003629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         4207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1001444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         4169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2041087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1723904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6351428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1717504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6149436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27661                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16035945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    407727358                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1400251586                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    359911986                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       329492                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    382027975                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      7294998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       898500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    222765038                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    279274496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         4769                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          493                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          230                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1526                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          471                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           26                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     44349499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      5791492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      6578498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       304500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     16635500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        42000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        75000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      7906997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       442000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         7037                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         522                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           75849994                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           6275492                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1893997                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1973043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               1973043    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1973043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1373674849                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            1973079                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         218865978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              6734                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       19330912510                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            37.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            971342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 6                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           3289982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              3281                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         218056472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              6709                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       19304512121                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            37.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            970288                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           3275477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              3264                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7442500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              229                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              139                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         5118    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         5118    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             5118    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            5118    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24840                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8108.289375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       31904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.284380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3009.913447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     6.179634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    77.743690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2439.159621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     3.641774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.003699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    30.890274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  2291.914658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    54.825551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    12.578507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    13.270387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     3.037275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     1.138313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     2.016921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   111.253815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    40.721810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.367421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.009490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.297749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.003771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.279775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.006693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.013581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.004971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992676                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    666019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   666019                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   20960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            11074                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 11074                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   59                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1452                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          795                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          6661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          4437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          6415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          3716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         4437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         6415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         3716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        11902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        11405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 23831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         7383                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         7031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            14414                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3151                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        15088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        14556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        15088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        14556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      2098500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1344128368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1940500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     38218500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1320392830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14025500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2732289198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1044000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1467500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2576500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1175000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2169000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3344000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    402867989                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    399456985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       373500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     802698474                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      2098500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1746996357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1940500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     38218500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1719849815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14025500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1865500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3534987672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      2098500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      9620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1746996357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1940500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     38218500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1719849815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14025500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1865500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3534987672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        14887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        14326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               44791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        11074                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             11074                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         7392                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7043                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          14435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3946                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        19525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        18272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                53384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        19525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        18272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               53384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.018359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.010841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.799489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.043822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.796105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.480349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.203390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.532049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.701299                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.614379                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.998782                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998296                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998545                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.686934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.798530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.737810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.018359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.010841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.772753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.428571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.043822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.796629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.480349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.565169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.018359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.010841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.772753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.016575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.428571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.043822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.796629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.480349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.565169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123441.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 131780.821918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 112932.983364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129366.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 124333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 129994.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115773.154757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127504.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114652.729554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 30705.882353                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27175.925926                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27409.574468                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   159.149397                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   308.490969                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   231.996670                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 126449.462963                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126771.496350                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126608.592114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123441.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 131780.821918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115787.139250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 129994.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118154.013122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127504.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117165.081436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 123441.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 131780.821918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115787.139250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 129994.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118154.013122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127504.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117165.081436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         2980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         2366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               5362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         2980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                5362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data         2980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         2366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               5362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         8922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         9039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           54                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            94                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7383                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         7031                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14414                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        12190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        12190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1867500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      8417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1054382868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     34218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1065834330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12815500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2180898698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1855998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2961498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5143496                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    400482490                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    381465488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781947978                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    367821989                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    364795985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       340500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    732958474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1867500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      8417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1422204857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     34218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1430630315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12815500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1700500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913857172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1867500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      8417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1422204857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     34218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1430630315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12815500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1700500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2913857172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       220500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       460500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       120000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       340500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       300000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       730500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.009950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.599315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.015470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.042629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.630951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.480349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.203390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.412337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.701299                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614379                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.998782                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998296                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998545                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.686934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.798530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.009950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.620128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.015470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.042629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.667141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.480349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.464727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.017279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.009950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.620128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.015470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.042629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.667141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.480349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.220588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116718.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125626.865672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118177.860121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 118785.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 113333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119645.104895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117915.071357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116504.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118084.287076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54588.176471                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54842.555556                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54718.042553                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54243.869701                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54254.798464                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54249.200638                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 115449.462963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115771.496350                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115608.592114                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116718.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125626.865672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 117459.932028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 118785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119645.104895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117360.977441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116504.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113366.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117451.617236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 116718.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125626.865672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 117459.932028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 118785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119645.104895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117360.977441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116504.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113366.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117451.617236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        473                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6184                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6184    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          6184                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3007                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         3007    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3007                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     30842047.674873                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    34533439.372463                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3795     74.15%     74.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          920     17.98%     92.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          127      2.48%     94.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          181      3.54%     98.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           47      0.92%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           11      0.21%     99.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           26      0.51%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.06%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        30927243.740370      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   1583104                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    15025869.480266                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26421818.459257                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4662     91.09%     91.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          291      5.69%     96.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           60      1.17%     97.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           55      1.07%     99.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           20      0.39%     99.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            9      0.18%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           20      0.39%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       15038522.303896      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 769792                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            6184                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99244.097671                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98165.093327                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      17871.440847                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5655     91.45%     91.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           90      1.46%     92.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          107      1.73%     94.66% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           78      1.26%     95.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          109      1.76%     97.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           96      1.55%     99.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           46      0.74%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              6184                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                6184                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           8277513.906856                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          8327768.158234                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              6184    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            189000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         100127000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  6184                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3007                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         17020749.584303                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        25763256.721934                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3007    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          106000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       397661000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3007                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  9191                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             5569377.216843                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            5741123.053693                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                9191    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              106000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            82578000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    9191                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.011528                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.106758                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             5059     98.85%     98.85% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1               59      1.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             1.204767                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.349107                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                    1379     26.94%     26.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                    2415     47.19%     74.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                     922     18.01%     92.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                     124      2.42%     94.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                      93      1.82%     96.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                      89      1.74%     98.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                      47      0.92%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                      12      0.23%     99.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                      17      0.33%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       9      0.18%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      3      0.06%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      2      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      1      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      3      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.586948                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.032102                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   3029     59.18%     59.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1633     31.91%     91.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    291      5.69%     96.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     60      1.17%     97.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     32      0.63%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     23      0.45%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     20      0.39%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      9      0.18%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     11      0.21%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      9      0.18%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6182    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          6182                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2989                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2989    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2989                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     30902071.121532                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    34513141.940296                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3765     73.56%     73.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          936     18.29%     91.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          119      2.33%     94.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          221      4.32%     98.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           26      0.51%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           14      0.27%     99.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           28      0.55%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.06%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        30917241.397634      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   1582592                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14865806.955842                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26589403.233589                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4673     91.31%     91.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          279      5.45%     96.76% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           62      1.21%     97.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           54      1.06%     99.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           19      0.37%     99.39% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           10      0.20%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           19      0.37%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       14948501.219270      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 765184                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            6182                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99156.373342                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98066.046506                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      18095.288970                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5669     91.70%     91.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           84      1.36%     93.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          115      1.86%     94.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           80      1.29%     96.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           84      1.36%     97.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           94      1.52%     99.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           52      0.84%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.03%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              6182                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                6182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           8280247.330961                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          8480048.373156                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              6182    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            154000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         122927000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  6182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2989                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         17124819.003011                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        26894836.214878                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2989    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       312655000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2989                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  9171                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             5581524.697416                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            5970444.663138                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                9171    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              130000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           122305000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    9171                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.008792                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.093364                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             5073     99.12%     99.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1               45      0.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             1.207112                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.349039                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                    1405     27.45%     27.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                    2362     46.15%     73.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                     936     18.29%     91.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                     118      2.31%     94.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                     116      2.27%     96.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                     104      2.03%     98.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                      25      0.49%     98.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                      14      0.27%     99.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                      20      0.39%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       9      0.18%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      2      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      2      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      3      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.580696                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.038649                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   3055     59.69%     59.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1618     31.61%     91.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    279      5.45%     96.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     62      1.21%     97.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     30      0.59%     98.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     24      0.47%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     19      0.37%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     10      0.20%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     12      0.23%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      7      0.14%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6177                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          6177                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.914943                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.526933                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.657194                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2997     99.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     30817037.905432                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    34951923.412363                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3763     73.52%     73.52% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          956     18.68%     92.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          113      2.21%     94.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          191      3.73%     98.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           36      0.70%     98.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           25      0.49%     99.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           22      0.43%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.12%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        30892235.540793      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   1581312                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14975849.941383                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26035373.987363                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         3011     58.83%     58.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1667     32.57%     91.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          280      5.47%     96.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           55      1.07%     97.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           29      0.57%     98.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           31      0.61%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           15      0.29%     99.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           11      0.21%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           13      0.25%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       14988530.126040      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 767233                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            6177                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       98600.501862                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      97666.750834                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      16594.528780                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5713     92.49%     92.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           85      1.38%     93.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           95      1.54%     95.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           65      1.05%     96.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           91      1.47%     97.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           87      1.41%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           38      0.62%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              6177                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                6177                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           8287063.623118                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          8485522.471155                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              6177    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            158000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         106284000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  6177                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2998                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         17074052.034690                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        27864329.975764                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2998    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          147000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       793968000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2998                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  9175                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             5579074.441417                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            5777465.871774                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                9175    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              146000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           106284000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    9175                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.011919                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.108531                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             5057     98.81%     98.81% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1               61      1.19%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             1.203791                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.366311                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                    1421     27.76%     27.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                    2352     45.96%     73.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                     944     18.44%     92.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                     112      2.19%     94.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                     109      2.13%     96.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                      86      1.68%     98.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                      35      0.68%     98.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                      25      0.49%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                      10      0.20%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                      11      0.21%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      7      0.14%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      1      0.02%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.584994                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.017007                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   3011     58.83%     58.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1667     32.57%     91.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    280      5.47%     96.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     55      1.07%     97.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     29      0.57%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     31      0.61%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     15      0.29%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     11      0.21%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     13      0.25%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      3      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6211                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6211    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          6211                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2949                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2949    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2949                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     31052129.738179                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    34998451.435035                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         3766     73.58%     73.58% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          934     18.25%     91.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          127      2.48%     94.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          203      3.97%     98.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           32      0.63%     98.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           18      0.35%     99.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           28      0.55%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.04%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            2      0.04%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        31062275.367309      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   1590016                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14665728.800313                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26274796.411895                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         4671     91.27%     91.27% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          285      5.57%     96.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           50      0.98%     97.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           64      1.25%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           22      0.43%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            9      0.18%     99.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           16      0.31%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       14748454.364546      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 754944                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            6211                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       98783.271615                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97797.198308                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      16856.651530                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            6      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5699     91.76%     91.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           98      1.58%     93.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          107      1.72%     95.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455           71      1.14%     96.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           98      1.58%     97.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           94      1.51%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           37      0.60%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              6211                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                6211                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           8241611.012719                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          8524251.343255                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              6211    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            175000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         125469000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  6211                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2949                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         17357452.356731                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        27148739.262582                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2949    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          184000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       308194000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2949                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  9160                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             5588224.454148                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            5965328.573141                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                9159     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               86000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           123930000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    9160                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.012309                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.110274                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             5055     98.77%     98.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1               63      1.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             1.212974                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.362258                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                    1397     27.30%     27.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                    2366     46.23%     73.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                     932     18.21%     91.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                     134      2.62%     94.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                     104      2.03%     96.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                      98      1.91%     98.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                      32      0.63%     98.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                      19      0.37%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                      20      0.39%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       6      0.12%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      1      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      1      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      3      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.572880                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.026359                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   3092     60.41%     60.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1579     30.85%     91.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    285      5.57%     96.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     50      0.98%     97.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     32      0.63%     98.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     32      0.63%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     22      0.43%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      9      0.18%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      8      0.16%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      8      0.16%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        25185                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        25185    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          25185                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        11943                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.978649                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.881166                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.333369                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        11942     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         11943                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      123613286.440016                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     104204845.137361                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     108627355.055132                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08         4509     88.10%     88.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          207      4.04%     92.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          103      2.01%     94.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          275      5.37%     99.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            9      0.18%     99.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            3      0.06%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            3      0.06%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            1      0.02%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            4      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             5118                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         123798996.046105      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    6337024                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     59533255.177804                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    77515990.117237                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         3505     68.48%     68.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         1281     25.03%     93.51% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           94      1.84%     95.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           64      1.25%     96.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           62      1.21%     97.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           42      0.82%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           50      0.98%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           11      0.21%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.08%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            5118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        59724008.013752      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 3057153                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            24754                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        107574.351620                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106606.549789                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       17419.547923                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           11      0.04%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.01%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        22872     92.40%     92.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          390      1.58%     94.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          390      1.58%     95.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          351      1.42%     97.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          365      1.47%     98.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          196      0.79%     99.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          173      0.70%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            2      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              24754                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                25185                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            2032490.589637                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1950502.987858                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                    25      0.10%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                27      0.11%      0.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000               26      0.10%      0.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000               21      0.08%      0.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000               42      0.17%      0.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000               43      0.17%      0.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000               24      0.10%      0.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000               14      0.06%      0.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000               29      0.12%      1.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000               20      0.08%      1.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000               22      0.09%      1.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000               30      0.12%      1.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000               30      0.12%      1.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000               22      0.09%      1.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000               47      0.19%      1.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000               33      0.13%      1.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000               27      0.11%      1.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000               26      0.10%      2.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               29      0.12%      2.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              25      0.10%      2.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              24622     97.76%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            8241000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  25185                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              11943                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          4286025.914762                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         7864098.124250                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            423      3.54%      3.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              6      0.05%      3.59% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             13      0.11%      3.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             11      0.09%      3.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             10      0.08%      3.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             18      0.15%      4.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              3      0.03%      4.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              1      0.01%      4.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              3      0.03%      4.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              9      0.08%      4.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              7      0.06%      4.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      4.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              4      0.03%      4.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              2      0.02%      4.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              9      0.08%      4.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              5      0.04%      4.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             7      0.06%      4.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            11412     95.55%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        233062000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                11943                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  37128                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              1378690.139517                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             1822775.419693                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      39      0.11%      0.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  39      0.11%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 40      0.11%      0.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                516      1.39%      1.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 56      0.15%      1.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 86      0.23%      2.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 92      0.25%      2.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 82      0.22%      2.56% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 89      0.24%      2.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                141      0.38%      3.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                162      0.44%      3.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 62      0.17%      3.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 77      0.21%      3.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 56      0.15%      4.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                134      0.36%      4.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 68      0.18%      4.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 59      0.16%      4.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 69      0.19%      5.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 63      0.17%      5.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                69      0.19%      5.39% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                35128     94.61%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              8241000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    37128                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.048066                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.215745                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              4874     95.23%     95.23% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               242      4.73%     99.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 2      0.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          5118                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             5118    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         5118                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              4.912857                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean             4.094794                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             4.468532                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-3                   2078     40.60%     40.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-7                   2562     50.06%     90.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-11                    85      1.66%     92.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-15                   75      1.47%     93.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-19                  214      4.18%     97.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-23                   86      1.68%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-27                    3      0.06%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-31                    3      0.06%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-35                    2      0.04%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-39                    1      0.02%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-43                    2      0.04%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::44-47                    3      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-51                    2      0.04%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::52-55                    0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-59                    0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::60-63                    1      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-67                    1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::68-71                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-75                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::76-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             2.325518                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.027968                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  2431     47.50%     47.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1790     34.97%     82.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   565     11.04%     93.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    94      1.84%     95.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    46      0.90%     96.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  45      0.88%     97.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  35      0.68%     97.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  42      0.82%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  29      0.57%     99.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  31      0.61%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   2      0.04%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   3      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   1      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   1      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   2      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                5118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7441219                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       805                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    4046414                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      856                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                      64                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7442024                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                4047270                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         11487633                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           1661                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     11489294                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    26451298                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                26451301                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         26451298                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     26451301                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       102375986                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   24244215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     25512608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             21634763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     812327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2072334                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    21634763                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           42066584                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          15152529                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           100091993                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           13161257                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     11489622                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7441324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   4048298                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              43108.099367                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              102332877.900633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999579                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000421                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3485965                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 14027154     54.97%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     244      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     54.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7441324     29.16%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                4048298     15.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  25517020                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     100                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             6734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           27745898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4120.269973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         52909330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        52909330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     26444564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26444564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     26444564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        26444564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     26444564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       26444564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          6734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         6734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    100077478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100077478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    100077478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100077478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    100077478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100077478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     26451298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26451298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     26451298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     26451298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     26451298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     26451298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14861.520345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14861.520345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14861.520345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14861.520345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14861.520345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14861.520345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     86587522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86587522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     86587522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86587522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     86587522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86587522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12858.259875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12858.259875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12858.259875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12858.259875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12858.259875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12858.259875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               227                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          233.664675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11086826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           564.329940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   233.664675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.912753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23559157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23559157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      6699949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6699949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3450339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3450339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       341632                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       341632                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        13703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     10150288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10150288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     10151541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10151541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       327535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       190819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       190819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1000                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1000                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        69839                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        69839                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       389076                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       389076                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       518354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        518354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       519354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       519354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2715901513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2715901513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1754024995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1754024995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    614196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    614196500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3587757500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3587757500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6173500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      6173500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4469926508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4469926508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4469926508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4469926508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      7027484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7027484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3641158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3641158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       411471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       411471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       402779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       402779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     10668642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10668642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     10670895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10670895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.443853                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.443853                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.169730                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169730                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.965979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.965979                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8291.942885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8291.942885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9192.087764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9192.087764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8794.462979                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8794.462979                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9221.225416                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9221.225416                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8623.308604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8623.308604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8606.704691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8606.704691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             5285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          997                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          997                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       327535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       327535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       190819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       190819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        68842                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        68842                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       383129                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       383129                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       518354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       518354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       519354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       519354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2057851485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2057851485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1372383003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372383003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7549000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7549000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    468992500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    468992500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   2823483500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2823483500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4189500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4189500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3430234488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3430234488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3437783488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3437783488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       189000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       541500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       541500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.443853                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443853                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.167307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167307                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.951214                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951214                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.048670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6282.844536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6282.844536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7192.066843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7192.066843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         7549                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7549                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6812.592603                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6812.592603                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7369.537414                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7369.537414                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6617.551882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6617.551882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6619.345356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6619.345356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              3436                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     7445087                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       806                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    4050005                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      843                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                      66                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 7445893                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                4050848                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         11495092                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1649                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     11496741                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    26471044                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                26471049                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         26471044                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     26471049                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       102346788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   24263708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25533290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             21653176                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     812812                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2074218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    21653176                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           42099562                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          15164817                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           100166310                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13167736                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     11497306                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7445198                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4052108                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              61988.445457                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              102284799.554543                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999394                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000606                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          3488523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14040380     54.98%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     233      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7445198     29.15%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                4052108     15.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  25537921                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     126                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             6709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           27734894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4133.983306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         52948797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        52948797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     26464335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       26464335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     26464335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        26464335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     26464335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       26464335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          6709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         6709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    127336972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127336972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    127336972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127336972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    127336972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127336972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     26471044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26471044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     26471044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     26471044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     26471044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     26471044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 18980.022656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18980.022656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 18980.022656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18980.022656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 18980.022656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18980.022656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         6709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    113891028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113891028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    113891028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113891028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    113891028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113891028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16975.857505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16975.857505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16975.857505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16975.857505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16975.857505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16975.857505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               281                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            18791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          237.647081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3441427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           183.142302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   237.647081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.928309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         23573236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        23573236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      6709420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6709420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3454235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3454235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1300                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1300                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       336361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       336361                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        13969                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13969                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     10163655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        10163655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     10164955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       10164955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       321809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       321809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       190506                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       190506                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          929                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          929                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        75258                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        75258                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       388797                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       388797                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       512315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        512315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       513244                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       513244                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2664306124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2664306124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1698758996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1698758996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    654378500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    654378500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3685078000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   3685078000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5564500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      5564500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4363065120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4363065120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4363065120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4363065120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      7031229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7031229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3644741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3644741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2229                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2229                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       411619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       411619                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       402766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       402766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10675970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10675970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10678199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10678199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.045769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052269                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052269                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.416779                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.416779                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.182834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.182834                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.965317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.965317                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.047988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.048065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8279.153548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8279.153548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8917.089205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8917.089205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8695.135401                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8695.135401                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9478.154410                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9478.154410                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8516.371998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8516.371998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8500.956894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8500.956894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             5749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       321809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       321809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       190506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       190506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          929                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          929                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        74336                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        74336                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       382693                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       382693                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       512315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       512315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       513244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       513244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2018316876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018316876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1317744002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1317744002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6751000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6751000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    498977500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    498977500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2921302000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2921302000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3954500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3954500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3336060878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336060878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3342811878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3342811878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       500000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       500000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.045769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052269                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.416779                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416779                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.180594                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180594                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.950162                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950162                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.047988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.048065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6271.785053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6271.785053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6917.073488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6917.073488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7266.953714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7266.953714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6712.460988                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6712.460988                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7633.539155                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7633.539155                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6511.737657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6511.737657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  6513.104640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6513.104640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2983                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          195.184292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   195.184292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.762439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.762439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.761719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.617188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.617188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.617188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          185.000259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   185.000259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.722657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.176386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   209.176386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.817095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          183.003156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   183.003156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.714856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2087                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1853                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2089                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1853                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             3940                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         3942                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9718                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                134                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9718                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9718                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9718                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       102376021                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1113                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              18901                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               41672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4225                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2171                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2122                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              102295243.994056                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              80777.005944                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000789                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999211                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7415     63.03%     63.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.43%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2171     18.45%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2122     18.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     11765                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs               7988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.882096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            19665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           19665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70925.764192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70925.764192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70925.764192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70925.764192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70925.764192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70925.764192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68925.764192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68925.764192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68925.764192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68925.764192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68925.764192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68925.764192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                18                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               84                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          232.757814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              16758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               84                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           199.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   232.757814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.909210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1001500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1001500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       210000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       210000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       103000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       103000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3547500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3547500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3547500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3547500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.127660                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.127660                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130435                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.130435                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25979.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25979.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41729.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41729.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        35000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        35000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29077.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29077.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27933.070866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27933.070866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               40                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       953500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       953500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       177500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       177500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        30500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3303500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3303500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23979.591837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23979.591837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39729.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39729.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        35500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        15250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27077.868852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27077.868852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27409.448819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27409.448819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                17                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 51188008000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -70496697.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       95264467.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -47557296.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       64265712.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -252262732.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       351061401.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -129915601.920000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       169560760.320000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -383120304168.960571
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       439558158581.760498
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -112045482786.239975
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       128704443307.199997
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -1236046043664.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       1417994655888.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.051188
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       307098795.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       102400340.538880
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       43298436.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       64.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       6976304.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       14888693.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       8102528.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       48517460.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       84185047.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       30324466.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       1625804.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       43298436.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       64.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       52932068.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       52932060.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       13672.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       14060721.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       7287704.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       22989977.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       3312.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       649442.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       381349.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       2126894
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       24754.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       11942.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       40954.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       173012.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       79557.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18469.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
