sim_seconds                                  0.373135                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                373135347000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3780683243500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2631013                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2831547                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2330568505                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2617224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   160.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   421237941                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     453344461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            3                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       187136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total           391936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       185856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        185856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              1531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       528280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       501523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             1050386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          19896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        498093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             498093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        498093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       528280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       501523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            1548478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      1531                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      726                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   12248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   5808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM               391936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                185856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                391936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             185856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                373134776000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               12248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               5808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         2521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.191591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.339852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.210415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          240      9.52%      9.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%      9.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.48%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            5      0.20%     10.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.48%     11.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.44%     11.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      9.28%     20.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1997     79.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         2521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean           51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.878949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.389293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           14      5.83%      6.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           76     31.67%     37.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           46     19.17%     57.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           20      8.33%     65.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           13      5.42%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            4      1.67%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           15      6.25%     78.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      2.08%     80.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.08%     82.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.67%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      5.83%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.83%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.42%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     92.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            9      3.75%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.42%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.83%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::424-431            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.200000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.164469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.414805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.42%      0.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.42%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     96.25%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  355150776                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat             562754376                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                 39193600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   28996.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              45946.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  10699                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4836                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                165323338.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340103481160                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     245332351                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          1432771.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          1446076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          1482969.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          1507161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                966552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                975528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          1000416.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3          1016736.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         5307494.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         5367897.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         5515161.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         5448268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        2587852.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        2551357.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        2628080.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        2617712.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      4011934694.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      4012274177.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      4012316366.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3        4014033480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       44415274992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       44414977200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       44414940192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       44413433952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0         62200716840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        62200804720.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        62201095669.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        62201269794.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.857113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.857223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.857587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.857805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       183552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total           387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       184064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        184064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              1515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              719                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       530338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       491918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             1039408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          14408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        493290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             493290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        493290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       530338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       491918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            1532699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      1515                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      719                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   12120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM               387840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                183808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                387840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             184064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           63                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                373268794000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               12120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         2484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.132045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.939278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.219386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          230      9.26%      9.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95            4      0.16%      9.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           14      0.56%      9.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.40%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.40%     10.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223            4      0.16%     10.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          226      9.10%     20.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1986     79.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         2484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.234043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.235515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.820441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           22      9.36%      9.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           67     28.51%     37.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     17.45%     55.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           13      5.53%     60.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           18      7.66%     68.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      2.98%     71.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           18      7.66%     79.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      1.70%     80.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            6      2.55%     83.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.13%     85.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            7      2.98%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            4      1.70%     90.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            4      1.70%     91.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.85%     92.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.28%     94.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      1.28%     95.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.43%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      1.28%     97.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.85%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.43%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.43%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.43%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.442553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.384999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.832721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            222     94.47%     94.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             13      5.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  341302172                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             546736172                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                 38784000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   28160.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              45110.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       1.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    1.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  10593                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4787                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                167085404.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340105042429                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     243771082                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          1449100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          1395878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2               1499904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          1466035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                977568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1          941664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               1011840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                988992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         5483212.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         5212147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2              5476224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         5307494.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        2617712.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        2498273.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        2701071.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        2597806.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      4012149962.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      4011585744.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      4012490485.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      4013822698.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       44415086160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       44415581088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       44414787456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       44413618848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        62200976200.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        62200427279.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2         62201179464                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        62201014357.439995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.857437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.856750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.857692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.857485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       198144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       185344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total           393728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       187392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        187392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              1538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       531024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        16466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       496721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             1055188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          23327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        502209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             502209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        502209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       531024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        16466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       496721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            1557397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      1538                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   12304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   5856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM               393472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                187136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                393728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             187392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           64                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                373269975000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               12304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               5856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         2533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.217529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.023698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.438923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          247      9.75%      9.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.39%     10.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     10.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.24%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          245      9.67%     20.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2004     79.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         2533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.921162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.261350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.974357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            2      0.83%      0.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      7.05%      7.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           71     29.46%     37.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     17.01%     54.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16      6.64%     61.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.81%     66.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      3.32%     70.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           22      9.13%     79.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      3.32%     82.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      2.07%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.24%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           11      4.56%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.24%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.41%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.83%     92.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.24%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.83%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.83%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      1.24%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            2      0.83%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.265560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.230289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.436147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            233     96.68%     96.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  354639824                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             563057024                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                 39347200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   28841.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              45791.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  10743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                164436112.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340107538313                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     241275198                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          1475107.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          1397692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          1514419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          1441843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                995112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                942888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1021632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                972672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         5517657.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         5227622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         5519654.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         5300006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        2594488.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        2485416.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2             2737152                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        2581217.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      4012224929.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1        4011364512                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      4012871500.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      4012153683.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       44415020400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       44415775152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       44414453232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       44415082896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        62201040177.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        62200405767.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        62201330073.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        62200744801.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.857517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.856723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.857880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.857148                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       198656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       191744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total           396544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       187136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        187136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              1549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       532397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       513873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             1062735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          13035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        501523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             501523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        501523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       532397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       513873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            1564258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      1549                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      731                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   12392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   5848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM               396544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                186880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                396544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             187136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1475544                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                373136950000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               12392                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               5848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  1549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         2542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.513769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.735016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.022017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          240      9.44%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.59%     10.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127            8      0.31%     10.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.04%     10.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.35%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.55%     11.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.24%     20.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2020     79.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         2542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.909091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.637373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.824213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           16      6.61%      7.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           73     30.17%     37.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     16.94%     54.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           14      5.79%     59.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           23      9.50%     69.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      3.72%     73.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            8      3.31%     76.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      3.31%     79.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.31%     83.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.07%     85.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            7      2.89%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.24%     89.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            5      2.07%     91.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.83%     92.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.07%     94.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            3      1.24%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            4      1.65%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.83%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            2      0.83%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.132231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.114394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.022097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            238     98.35%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      1.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  361270592                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat             571314992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                 39654400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29153.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46103.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  10826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  4864                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                163656557.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340098781371                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     250135195                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          1599091.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          1558569.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          1557964.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          1669852.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               1078752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               1051416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               1051008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               1126488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0              5987904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         5776243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         5739302.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3              6167616                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        2853273.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        2733834.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        2810142.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        2896819.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      4013192761.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      4013471669.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      4013358508.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      4015207552.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      44414171424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       44413926768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       44414026032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      44412404064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        62202095689.920006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1         62201730984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        62201755441.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        62202684875.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.858839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.858382                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.858413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.859576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       196096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       190208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total           392448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              1533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         3430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       525536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       509756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             1051758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          16466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        491232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             491232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        491232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         3430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       525536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       509756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            1542990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      1533                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      716                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   12264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   5728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM               392448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                183552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                392448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             183296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           34                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                373135704000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               12264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               5728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  1533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         2514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.116945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.712665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.924715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          230      9.15%      9.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.68%      9.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.52%     10.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.36%     10.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.56%     11.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.64%     11.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          225      8.95%     20.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1990     79.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         2514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.327731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.580957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.42%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           13      5.46%      6.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           83     34.87%     41.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           38     15.97%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           15      6.30%     63.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           15      6.30%     69.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      3.36%     73.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           13      5.46%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            6      2.52%     81.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      2.10%     83.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.10%     85.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           10      4.20%     89.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.26%     90.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.26%     92.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.42%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.26%     93.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.42%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.42%     94.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.42%     94.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.42%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            3      1.26%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.42%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.42%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.42%     97.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            3      1.26%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            2      0.84%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.100840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.087188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.894380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     98.74%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32              3      1.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  363026612                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat             570901412                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                 39244800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29601.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46551.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  10718                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  4768                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                165911829.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340098011657                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     250801854                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          1438819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          1437609.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          1506556.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          1498089.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                970632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                969816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1016328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3          1010616.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         5240102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1              5291520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         5527641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         5468236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        2627665.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        2565043.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        2657525.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        2630983.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      4012401674.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      4012083806.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      4013647594.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      4013932466.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       44414865360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       44415144192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       44413772448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       44413522560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        62200756737.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        62200704470.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        62201340577.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        62201275436.159996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.857163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.857097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.857893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.857812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       188928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total           394240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       185600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        185600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              1540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       527594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       506326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             1056560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          22641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        497407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             497407                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        497407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       527594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       506326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            1553967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      1540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   12320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   5800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM               394240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                185600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                394240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             185600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                373138559000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               12320                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               5800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         2533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.914331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.081438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.329688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.44%      9.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.59%     10.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.39%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.32%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.39%     11.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.71%     11.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      9.20%     21.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2000     78.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         2533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.246862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.142414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.960788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            1      0.42%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           21      8.79%      9.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           67     28.03%     37.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           47     19.67%     56.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16      6.69%     63.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            6      2.51%     66.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      3.35%     69.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           21      8.79%     78.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      1.67%     79.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            7      2.93%     82.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            5      2.09%     84.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           13      5.44%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.26%     91.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            2      0.84%     92.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.84%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            1      0.42%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.42%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      1.26%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            3      1.26%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.84%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.42%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            2      0.84%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::208-211            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.267782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.232225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.441961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     96.65%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  365727792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat             574551792                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                 39424000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29685.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46635.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    30.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  10763                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4824                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                164741085.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340103947513                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     245340053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0               1460592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          1458777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          1498694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          1507161.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                985320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1          984096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2          1011024.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3          1016736.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         5440281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         5348428.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         5651942.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         5412326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        2597806.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        2565043.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        2640936.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        2670796.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      4012263342.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      4013341053.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      4012388159.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      4013636376.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0      44414986704.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      44414041344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       44414877216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       44413782288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        62200946529.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        62200951225.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2         62201280456                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        62201238168.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.857400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.857406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.857818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.857765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       187136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total           390912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       184320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        184320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              1527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       527594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       501523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             1047641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          18524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        493976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             493976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        493976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       527594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       501523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            1541618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      1527                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   12216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM               390912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                184064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                390912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             184320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                373128395000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               12216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  1527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         2502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.806555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.089027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.815693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      9.47%      9.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.48%      9.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127            5      0.20%     10.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     10.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.44%     11.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          230      9.19%     20.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1995     79.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         2502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.308017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.873264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.921276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      1.27%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           15      6.33%      7.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           69     29.11%     36.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           46     19.41%     56.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           19      8.02%     64.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           13      5.49%     69.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      5.06%     74.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           11      4.64%     79.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            7      2.95%     82.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            4      1.69%     83.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.27%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            4      1.69%     86.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.11%     89.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.27%     90.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            4      1.69%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.11%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.42%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            5      2.11%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            1      0.42%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.42%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            4      1.69%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.270042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.234194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.447847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            229     96.62%     96.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  342935584                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat             549996784                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                 39091200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   28072.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              45022.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  10681                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                166056250.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340102664450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     246135311                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          1465430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1               1406160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          1491436.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          1555545.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0          988584.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                948600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               1006128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               1049376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         5512166.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         5215641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         5499686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         5667417.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        2587852.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        2482099.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        2647572.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        2694021.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      4012107390.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      4012331031.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      4012522223.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      4014129513.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      44415123504.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       44414927328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       44414759616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       44413349712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        62200997411.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        62200523343.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        62201139145.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        62201658069.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.857464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.856870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.857641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.858291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total           392192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       186368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        186368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              1532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       528966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       499465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             1051072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          17152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        499465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             499465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        499465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       528966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       499465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            1550537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      1532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      728                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   12256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM               392192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                186112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                392192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             186368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2246054                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                373289951000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               12256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  1531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         2521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.394685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.556428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.091528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      9.56%      9.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95            8      0.32%      9.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     10.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.48%     10.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     11.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          233      9.24%     20.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2002     79.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         2521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.900000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.153504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.162887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           18      7.50%      7.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           77     32.08%     39.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           38     15.83%     55.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      8.75%     64.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            9      3.75%     67.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      3.75%     71.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           14      5.83%     77.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            8      3.33%     80.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            5      2.08%     82.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.67%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            9      3.75%     88.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            5      2.08%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.25%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.83%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            5      2.08%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            2      0.83%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            1      0.42%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.83%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.83%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            2      0.83%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.42%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::240-243            2      0.83%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.233333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.202225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.349001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            233     97.08%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              7      2.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  358953732                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat             566692932                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                 39219200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29288.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46238.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  10708                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4843                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                165172544.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  86.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340100743127                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     248070384                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          1426723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          1412812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          1446076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          1462406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                962472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                953088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                975528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3          986544.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         5200166.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         5232614.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2              5289024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         5399347.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        2541404.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        2528133.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        2608174.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        2604441.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      4012272316.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      4011265195.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      4012304601.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      4012478556.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       44414978832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       44415862272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       44414950512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       44414797920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        62200594397.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        62200466598.719994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        62200786399.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        62200941698.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.856959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.856799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.857200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.857394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       189184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total           395776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              1546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       529652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       507012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             1060677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          23327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        494662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             494662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        494662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       529652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       507012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            1555339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      1546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   12368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   5768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM               395776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                184576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                395776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             184576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                373132824000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               12368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               5768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         2523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.024574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.661475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.432971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          234      9.27%      9.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.44%      9.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     10.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.12%     10.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.48%     10.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     11.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          228      9.04%     20.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2016     79.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         2523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.949367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.602710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.473711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.84%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           11      4.64%      5.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           77     32.49%     37.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           42     17.72%     55.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           20      8.44%     64.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           12      5.06%     69.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      2.53%     71.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           11      4.64%     76.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           10      4.22%     80.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.53%     83.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.53%     85.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            6      2.53%     88.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.69%     89.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.42%     90.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            4      1.69%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.27%     93.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            3      1.27%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.42%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            5      2.11%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            2      0.84%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::288-295            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.337553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.293099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.611657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     95.78%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             10      4.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  368700192                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat             578337792                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                 39577600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29810.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46760.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  10808                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4805                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                164593217.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340104627266                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     243860479                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0               1454544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1               1515024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          1528329.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          1535587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                981240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               1022040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          1031016.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               1035912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         5539123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         5755276.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2              5596032                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         5623987.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        2604441.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        2601538.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        2694021.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        2720563.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      4011064701.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      4012176994.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      4013227837.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      4013470739.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      44416038144.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       44415062448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       44414140656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      44413927584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        62200894677.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        62201345805.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        62201430375.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        62201526856.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.857335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.857900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.858006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.858127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       189184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total           392960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       185856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        185856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              1535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       528966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       507012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             1053130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7547                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          13722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        498093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             498093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        498093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       528966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       507012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            1551223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      1535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      726                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   12280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM               392960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                185344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                392960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             185856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           59                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                373267860000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               12280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         2517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.759237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.137215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.731750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          237      9.42%      9.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           12      0.48%      9.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.28%     10.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.28%     10.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           13      0.52%     11.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      9.34%     20.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2002     79.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         2517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.833333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.547330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.589173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           17      7.08%      7.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           74     30.83%     37.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     17.08%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           17      7.08%     62.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           10      4.17%     66.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           13      5.42%     71.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           10      4.17%     75.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           11      4.58%     80.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           10      4.17%     84.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.67%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::96-99           10      4.17%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            3      1.25%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            3      1.25%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            2      0.83%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            4      1.67%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.83%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.83%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.83%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            3      1.25%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.133333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.115349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.026293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            236     98.33%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  361321916                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             569467916                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                 39296000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29423.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46373.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  10730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                165089721.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340097999670                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     250813841                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          1453334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          1424908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2               1496880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          1504742.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          980424.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                961248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1009800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          1015104.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         5444275.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         5363404.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         5495692.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         5475724.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        2614394.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        2504908.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        2684482.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        2710609.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      4012130701.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      4011897594.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      4013621000.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      4013667567.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       44415103056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       44415307536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       44413795776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       44413754928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        62200938669.120003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        62200672083.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        62201316115.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        62201341159.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.857390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.857057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.857863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.857894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       187136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total           395776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              1546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         5489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       531711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        13035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       501523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             1060677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          23327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        496721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             496721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        496721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         5489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       531711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        13035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       501523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            1557397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      1546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   12368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   5792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM               395776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                185600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                395776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             185344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           63                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                373134818000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               12368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               5792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         2533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.520726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.183978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.624262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          234      9.24%      9.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.39%      9.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.51%     10.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.43%     10.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.47%     11.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.43%     11.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          231      9.12%     20.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2011     79.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         2533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.715481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.281484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.961078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.84%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           12      5.02%      5.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           80     33.47%     39.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           41     17.15%     56.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           17      7.11%     63.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            8      3.35%     66.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           13      5.44%     72.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           14      5.86%     78.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            4      1.67%     79.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            6      2.51%     82.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      2.51%     84.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           12      5.02%     89.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            4      1.67%     91.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.84%     92.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     92.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            2      0.84%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     94.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.84%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      1.26%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.84%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.84%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.42%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.42%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::352-359            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.267782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.232225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.441961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     96.65%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  358431692                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat             568069292                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                 39577600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   28980.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              45930.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  10805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4830                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                164376571.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  86.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340107726265                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     241087246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          1467849.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          1459987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          1476921.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          1509580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0          990216.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                984912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2          996336.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               1018368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         5427302.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         5552102.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         5375884.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3              5483712                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        2608174.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1             2571264                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        2624348.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        2687385.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      4012076255.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      4011511435.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      4012642607.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      4013428386.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       44415150816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       44415646272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       44414654016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       44413964736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        62200933096.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1         62200938456                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        62200982596.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        62201304651.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.857383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.857390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.857445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.857848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       198656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       185344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total           389888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        185344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              1523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       532397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       496721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             1044897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          13722                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        496721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             496721                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        496721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       532397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       496721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            1541618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      1523                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   12184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM               389888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                185344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                389888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             185344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            1488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                373273507000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               12184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  1523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         2506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.541899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.751081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.955588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          239      9.54%      9.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95            9      0.36%      9.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.36%     10.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.16%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191            9      0.36%     10.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     11.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.54%     20.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1988     79.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         2506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.566667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.927233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.002650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           24     10.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           66     27.50%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           41     17.08%     54.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           19      7.92%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      5.83%     68.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           10      4.17%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           11      4.58%     77.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            9      3.75%     80.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            7      2.92%     83.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            7      2.92%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            8      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            4      1.67%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            3      1.25%     92.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.42%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.25%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.42%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            2      0.83%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            2      0.83%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.83%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.42%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-195            1      0.42%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            1      0.42%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.42%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::224-227            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::248-251            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.133333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.115349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.026293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            236     98.33%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32              4      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  348945800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             555464600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                 38988800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   28639.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              45589.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       1.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    1.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    30.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  10650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4820                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                166120830.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340094999865                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     253813646                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0               1448496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1               1394064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          1428537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          1518652.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                977160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                940440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                963696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               1024488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         5419814.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1              5144256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2              5204160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         5455257.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        2584535.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        2501591.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        2578314.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        2733834.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      4012305148.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      4011266508.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      4011747168.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      4014169951.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       44414950032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       44415861120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       44415439488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       44413314240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        62200897669.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        62200320462.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2         62200573848                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        62201428907.519997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.857339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.856617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.856934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.858004                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       196608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       190208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total           394496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       186624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        186624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       526908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       509756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         6175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             1057246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         6175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          17152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        500151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             500151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        500151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       526908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       509756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         6175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            1557397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      1541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   12328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   5832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM               394272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                186624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                394496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             186624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           99                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            1569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                373137973000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               12328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               5832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  1539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         2527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.875742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.457090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.536594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          235      9.30%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.44%      9.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.40%     10.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.24%     10.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.44%     11.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      9.18%     20.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2014     79.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         2527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.692946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    39.809390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.076214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-11            3      1.24%      1.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           14      5.81%      7.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           80     33.20%     40.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           39     16.18%     56.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           13      5.39%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           11      4.56%     66.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           11      4.56%     70.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           17      7.05%     78.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            9      3.73%     81.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            8      3.32%     85.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            4      1.66%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            7      2.90%     89.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            4      1.66%     91.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.41%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            2      0.83%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-131            3      1.24%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::136-139            1      0.41%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::144-147            3      1.24%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::152-155            1      0.41%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::160-163            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::168-171            2      0.83%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::176-179            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::184-187            1      0.41%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::200-203            2      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::216-219            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::232-235            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.199170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.172510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.249066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     97.51%     97.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              6      2.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  353694286                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             562535236                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                 39427200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   28706.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              45656.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  10763                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4863                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                164377961.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  86.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340097869751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     251594815                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          1453334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          1435795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          1494460.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          1521676.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          980424.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                968592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1008168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               1026528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0              5436288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         5364902.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2              5456256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3              5675904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        2627665.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1             2488320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        2694021.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        2711024.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      4012351824.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      4012795987.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      4013545870.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      4012837027.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       44414909088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       44414519472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       44413861680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       44414483472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        62200971108.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1         62200785552                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        62201272939.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        62201468115.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.857431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.857199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.857809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.858053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       189952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total           393216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              1536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       528966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       509070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             1053816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          15780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        491232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             491232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        491232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       528966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       509070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            1545048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      1536                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      716                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   12288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM               393216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                183296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                393216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             183296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                373135128000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               12288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         2515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.229423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.203002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.324428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      9.58%      9.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.60%     10.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127            6      0.24%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191            6      0.24%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.64%     11.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          239      9.50%     20.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1990     79.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         2515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    52.067797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.922400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    42.521330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            2      0.85%      0.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           13      5.51%      6.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           69     29.24%     35.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           46     19.49%     55.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           21      8.90%     63.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            4      1.69%     65.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           12      5.08%     70.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           15      6.36%     77.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            9      3.81%     80.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.12%     83.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           10      4.24%     87.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.85%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.27%     89.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            5      2.12%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.42%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            3      1.27%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.85%     94.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.85%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.85%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            2      0.85%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.42%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.85%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.42%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::264-271            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.271186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.235191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.450816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            228     96.61%     96.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              8      3.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  353979276                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat             562260876                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                 39321600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   28806.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              45756.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  10733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4768                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                165690554.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340100928241                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     247885270                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          1532563.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          1455148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          1463011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3               1548288                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1033872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                981648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2                986952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               1044480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0              5768256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         5495193.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         5300006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         5658931.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        2710609.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        2548039.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        2634301.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        2714342.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      4012739297.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      4011605772.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      4013061543.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      4014198241.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       44414570016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       44415564336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      44414287344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       44413290240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        62201567097.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        62200862621.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        62200945641.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        62201667006.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.858176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.857294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.857398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.858301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       191232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       194816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total           392192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       182528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        182528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              1532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              713                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       512500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       522105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             1051072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          16466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        489174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             489174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        489174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       512500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       522105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            1540245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      1532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      713                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   12256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   5704                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM               392192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                182528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                392192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             182528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                373128685000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               12256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               5704                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  1532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         2505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.429142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.072635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.712163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          231      9.22%      9.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%      9.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.68%     10.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.28%     10.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           14      0.56%     11.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           10      0.40%     11.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          228      9.10%     20.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         1988     79.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         2505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.796610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.662752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.602750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           15      6.36%      6.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           74     31.36%     37.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           46     19.49%     57.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           12      5.08%     62.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           10      4.24%     66.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            6      2.54%     69.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           22      9.32%     78.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      2.97%     81.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            8      3.39%     84.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.27%     86.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      3.39%     89.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      1.27%     90.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      1.27%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            3      1.27%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            4      1.69%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.42%     95.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.42%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.85%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.42%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.42%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.42%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.42%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::352-359            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.169492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.146726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.154492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            231     97.88%     97.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32              5      2.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  350705744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat             558444944                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                 39219200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   28615.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              45565.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  10711                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  4744                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                166204314.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340110803602                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     237871143                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          1479945.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          1459987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          1512604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          1571875.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          998376.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1                984912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1020408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               1060392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         5527641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1              5511168                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         5563084.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3              5775744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        2614394.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        2584535.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        2667893.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        2753740.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      4011981151.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      4011665964.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      4012527530.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      4013504501.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       44415234240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       44415510720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       44414754960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       44413897968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        62201048232.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        62200929769.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        62201258965.439995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        62201776704.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.857528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.857379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.857791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.858439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       197888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       188928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total           394496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       185856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        185856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst          686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       530338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       506326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             1057246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          15780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        498093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             498093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        498093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst          686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       530338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       506326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            1555339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      1541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      726                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   12328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   5808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM               394240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                185856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                394496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             185856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            1496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            1600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                373274821000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               12328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               5808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         2527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.559161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   204.621832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.076447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      9.62%      9.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           10      0.40%     10.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.28%     10.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.08%     10.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.32%     10.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223            9      0.36%     11.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      9.58%     20.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         2006     79.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         2527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    51.087137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.689094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.249595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           19      7.88%      7.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           77     31.95%     39.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           33     13.69%     53.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           12      4.98%     58.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           14      5.81%     64.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      4.15%     68.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           20      8.30%     76.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           13      5.39%     82.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            5      2.07%     84.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            4      1.66%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            8      3.32%     89.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      2.49%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            2      0.83%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            4      1.66%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            5      2.07%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.83%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.41%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.83%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::280-287            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.099585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.086101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.888843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            238     98.76%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              3      1.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  353792780                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             562616780                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                 39424000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   28716.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              45666.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    1.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  10761                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  4840                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                164655853.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 340105278589                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   32786476200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     243534922                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          1504137.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          1409788.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          1452729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          1517443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0          1014696.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                951048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                980016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               1023672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         5699366.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         5335449.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         5248588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         5555596.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        2604441.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        2551357.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        2597806.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        2707706.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      13763212483.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      4012808353.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      4011538795.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      4013090161.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      4013284636.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      44414508624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       44415622272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      44414261424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       44414090832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        62201352102.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        62200621194.239998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        62200843209.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        62201392370.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.857908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.856993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.857271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.857958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             11576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4787760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         405302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3722002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      8975796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8976248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8976248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      9252097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9253001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9253001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9252000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    302991000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        77000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        38500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    191004000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2399307124                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    202887027                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1861001000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      3117500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    102481500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          301                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          141                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          241                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        87499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       201500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1301499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       113000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1944500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        20000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           465                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          265                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             1510998                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            2166500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          1471084                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5229227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 5229227    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5229227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 226                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2064288500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3758144                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2266512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3746794                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              18354                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             18354                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            11576                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3721839                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           163                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3722002                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6211                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6211                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       739881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1122969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1876308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       741039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1121559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1876081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       734001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1128793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port          979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port          945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1876313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       739996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port          917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port          979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1122579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port          886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port          925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port          991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port          995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1876010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               7504712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       140032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       141824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       146176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       142848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       137472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       138752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       141824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      2283008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       150272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       154368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       141056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       144640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       147456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       141312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       144384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       142336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      2331393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       141824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       137472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       146176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       142336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       135424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       148224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       148480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       145408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       149760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       140800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       149248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      2308096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       151552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       145664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       143872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       136192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       146432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       148992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       135424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       148736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       151296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       147968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       147712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      2329600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                9252097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     25693600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    180845689                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    108814400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   5210574600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       228200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   5207080798                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8695400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     61384446                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            5                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime               7000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy         2074801600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded            1477824                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy            8847000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               2245                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            8941800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               2267                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy            8972400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               2266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            8924200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               2283                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy            8973400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               2261                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy            8908600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               2249                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            8889200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               2258                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            9058200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2333                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy         3153461600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            2248314                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy           8943400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              2251                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy           8988800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              2272                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           9148600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              2369                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy           9056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              2320                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy           8967800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              2297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy           9123600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              2334                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1362617516                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            936772                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1361964759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            936545                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1363510987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            936777                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1361219171                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            936474                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        18354                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        18354                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        11576                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3721839                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          163                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3722002                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         6211                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6211                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1876308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1876081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1876313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1876010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      7504712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      2283008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      2331393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      2308096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      2329600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      9252097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     14683200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     73416000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     46304000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2977471200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       130400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   2977601600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      4968800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     24844000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           17                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           51                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        34200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        70900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    69                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       107100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    760473600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       939536                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    761200100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       939536                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    760457600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       939536                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    761427200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       939536                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   3075862400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3746568                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5244125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5244125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                77                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               77                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            11511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4787773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        405310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        5193083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           369817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          369817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7047733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7513009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         4019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              14595026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1022720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4655040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2342400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8271292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side         3424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27661                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16384769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2657602277                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1462251828                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        77000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        38500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    374109995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2409977753                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    202950408                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1861015492                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         3500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    198613036                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    244693498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1783                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         6246                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          165                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2742                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          163                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         5977                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           77                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     33214999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     86268492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        86000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       470200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     62956999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4281500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        52000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     20369774                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1111000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        10840                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        6327                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          121381472                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          87431492                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7030703                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10818393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47              10818393    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           10818393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5843334469                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded           10818620                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         129856461                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              3995                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       96342697986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            25.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           5302332                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           2408499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              2408                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         297408932                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              9150                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       88082651940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            23.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           5485682                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy              5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           3163000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              3163                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7475998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              230                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3717499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              136                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        37312    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        37312    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            37312    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           37312    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24652                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8117.821085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     24652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.857091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3069.771290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     5.374207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    68.077528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  3203.703941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     4.018222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    33.644985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1482.247994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    55.084206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    12.715687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    18.436996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     2.687652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     3.151571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     2.260610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   107.251150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    38.394520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.374728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.008310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.391077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.004107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.180938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.006724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.002251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.013092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.004687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001831                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  30333881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 30333881                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         3936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         8890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         9878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   28261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            11511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 11511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          299                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          3936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          4029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          8890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         10858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    29546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         3936                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         4029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         8890                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        10858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   29546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        11980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         5913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 18366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      1726914                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      1994886                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3721806                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         5892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        12329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        11805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  24610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        12329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        11805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 24610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1993000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7608500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1563150572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     33932500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    764279987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1538500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2389079059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2416500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1179000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3660500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2275000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2405500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     43972000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    749504500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     793848500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7608500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1607122572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     33932500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1513784487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1910500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3182927559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7608500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1607122572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     33932500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1513784487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1910500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3182927559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        15710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        15791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               46627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        11511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             11511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1726955                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1994889                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          3721852                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          648                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         6872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              7529                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        16358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        22663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                54156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        16358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        22663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           66                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               54156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.019370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.014768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.762572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.019860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.028415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.374454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.393892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999998                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999988                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.967105                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.842105                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.953216                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.538580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.857392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.829327                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.019370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.014768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.753698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.019860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.028415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.520893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.454428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.019370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.014768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.753698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.019860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.028415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.520893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.227273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.454428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124562.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128957.627119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130480.014357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 127882.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 185333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 130509.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129254.183494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130622.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128208.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130081.621420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     1.399317                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     0.591011                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     0.983528                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 15476.190476                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8156.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14757.668712                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125994.269341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127207.145282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127137.812300                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128957.627119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130353.035283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 127882.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 185333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 130509.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128232.485133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130622.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129334.724055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 124562.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 128957.627119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 130353.035283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 127882.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 185333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 130509.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 128232.485133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 130622.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129334.724055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        11979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            18354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      1726914                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      1994886                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       3721806                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         5892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6244                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        11804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             24598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        11804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            24598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1431355572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     30848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    699124487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1406500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186030559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  94028167301                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 108706689328                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       324500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 202735181129                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8049389                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       873492                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8922881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     40133000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    684692500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    725164500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1471488572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     30848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1383816987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1745500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911195059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      1817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1471488572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      1987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     30848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1383816987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1745500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911195059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1480000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        46500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3006500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       760500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       740000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1550500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2240500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2220000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        96500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4557000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.019370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.013016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.762508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.019860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.028087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.374390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999976                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999998                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999988                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.967105                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.842105                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953216                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.538580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.857392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.019370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.013016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.753637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.019860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.028087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.520849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.454206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.019370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.013016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.753637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.019860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.028087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.520849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.460870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.227273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.454206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113562.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120942.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119488.736289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116882.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 174333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120031.128405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118255.156800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119622.641509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117208.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119103.768061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54448.668145                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54492.682453                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54083.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54472.259201                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54757.748299                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54593.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54741.601227                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114994.269341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116207.145282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116137.812300                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113562.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120942.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119361.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116882.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 174333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120031.128405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117232.886056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119622.641509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116366.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118350.884584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 113562.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120942.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119361.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 116882.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker 174333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 120031.128405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 117232.886056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 119622.641509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116366.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118350.884584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        465                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6154                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6154    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          6154                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2764                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2764    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2764                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     4205145.797599                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15162190.982127                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        36824     98.69%     98.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          137      0.37%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           92      0.25%     99.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          176      0.47%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           29      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           19      0.05%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           29      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        4222124.793768      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   1575424                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1889536.878216                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9685492.673632                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        35129     94.15%     94.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1929      5.17%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          143      0.38%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           39      0.10%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           25      0.07%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           11      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            9      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            8      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           14      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            5      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       1896319.943122      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 707584                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            6154                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99815.843354                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98547.700236                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19510.030613                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5609     91.14%     91.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           70      1.14%     92.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           89      1.45%     93.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          111      1.80%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           90      1.46%     97.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          122      1.98%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           60      0.97%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              6154                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                6154                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           60633188.657784                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          61599905.437374                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              6154    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            126000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         843605000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  6154                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2764                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         134997798.480463                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        204323084.658895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2764    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          142000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2261782000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2764                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  8918                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             41840715.631307                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            43370143.657564                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                8918    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              126000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           597531000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    8918                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001662                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.040730                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            37250     99.83%     99.83% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1               62      0.17%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.164264                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.593042                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                 36824     98.69%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                   229      0.61%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                   177      0.47%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                    47      0.13%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                    29      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.073810                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.378340                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  35129     94.15%     94.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1929      5.17%     99.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    143      0.38%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     39      0.10%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     25      0.07%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     11      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      9      0.02%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      8      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     14      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      5      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6116                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6116    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          6116                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2992                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.914773                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.525986                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     4.661862                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2991     99.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2992                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     4185248.713551                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    14405670.915671                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        36857     98.78%     98.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          147      0.39%     99.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           80      0.21%     99.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          169      0.45%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           23      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            8      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           22      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        4196053.824941      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   1565696                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2043224.699828                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10903396.822364                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        35092     94.05%     94.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1923      5.15%     99.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          155      0.42%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           37      0.10%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           28      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           18      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           18      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           13      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           20      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            7      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       2052062.357952      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 765697                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            6116                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99985.104644                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98746.205320                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19246.712701                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5518     90.22%     90.22% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           87      1.42%     91.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          122      1.99%     93.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          129      2.11%     95.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          103      1.68%     97.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           96      1.57%     99.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.02%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           60      0.98%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              6116                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                6116                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           61009681.327665                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          58366404.557369                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              6116    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            161000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         637611000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  6116                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2992                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         124711011.697861                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        199330842.363248                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2992    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          175000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2954280000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2992                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  9108                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             40967868.577075                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            42423252.840786                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                9108    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              142000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           637611000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    9108                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001581                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.039734                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            37253     99.84%     99.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1               59      0.16%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.163513                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.563594                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                 36854     98.77%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                   232      0.62%     99.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                   167      0.45%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                    31      0.08%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                    22      0.06%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.079813                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.425914                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  35092     94.05%     94.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1923      5.15%     99.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    155      0.42%     99.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     37      0.10%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     28      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     18      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     18      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     13      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     20      0.05%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      7      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6257                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6257    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          6257                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2759                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2759    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2759                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     4283361.921098                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    15391112.021606                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        36833     98.72%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          129      0.35%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           75      0.20%     99.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          190      0.51%     99.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           31      0.08%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           16      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           33      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        4292790.840853      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   1601792                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1881989.708405                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9660634.267064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        35117     94.12%     94.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1962      5.26%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          126      0.34%     99.71% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           32      0.09%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           28      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           16      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            5      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            7      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           11      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            6      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1892889.552487      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 706304                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            6257                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       99288.924405                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98205.067684                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      17972.802531                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.02%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5717     91.37%     91.39% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           86      1.37%     92.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          110      1.76%     94.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          100      1.60%     96.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           98      1.57%     97.68% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           96      1.53%     99.22% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.02%     99.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           47      0.75%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              6257                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                6257                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           59635018.699057                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          59707949.603433                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              6257    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            174000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         653399000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  6257                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2759                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         135242460.674157                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        209418153.377133                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2759    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          117000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      2810878000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2759                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  9016                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             41385885.204082                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            43345834.249306                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                9016    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              117000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           591890000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    9016                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.045381                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            37235     99.79%     99.79% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1               77      0.21%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.167319                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.601394                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                 36833     98.72%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                   207      0.55%     99.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   186      0.50%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                    48      0.13%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                    33      0.09%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.073515                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.377369                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  35117     94.12%     94.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1962      5.26%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    126      0.34%     99.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     32      0.09%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     28      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     16      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      5      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      7      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     11      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      6      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         6038                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         6038    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          6038                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3062                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         3062    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3062                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     4126243.567753                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    14246232.064653                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        36879     98.84%     98.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          130      0.35%     99.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08           83      0.22%     99.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          161      0.43%     99.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           23      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           13      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           18      0.05%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        4142539.731032      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   1545728                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2095368.782161                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11143769.487712                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        35041     93.91%     93.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1971      5.28%     99.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          155      0.42%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           34      0.09%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           32      0.09%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           19      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           16      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           15      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08           18      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            9      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       2100771.224979      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 783872                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            6038                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99827.310368                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98549.970315                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      19772.635356                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303         5506     91.19%     91.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           75      1.24%     92.43% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071           89      1.47%     93.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          112      1.85%     95.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           89      1.47%     97.23% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           94      1.56%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           73      1.21%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              6038                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                6038                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           61797853.262670                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          59234780.070930                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              6038    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            165000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         662020000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  6038                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3062                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         121859064.337035                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        202737951.472025                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3062    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          158000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      4033363000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3062                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  9100                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             41003894.285714                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            41890721.668760                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                9100    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              113000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           477499000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    9100                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.001662                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.040730                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            37250     99.83%     99.83% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1               62      0.17%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.161208                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.557087                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                   32523     87.16%     87.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                    4356     11.67%     98.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                     131      0.35%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                      81      0.22%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                     108      0.29%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                      56      0.15%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                      21      0.06%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                      12      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                      13      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       6      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.081850                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.435303                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  35041     93.91%     93.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1971      5.28%     99.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    155      0.42%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     34      0.09%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     32      0.09%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     19      0.05%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     16      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     15      0.04%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                     18      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      9      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        24589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        24589    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          24589                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        11577                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.977974                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.877410                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.369966                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        11576     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         11577                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean          16800000                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     46591643.006425                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        36853     98.77%     98.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          106      0.28%     99.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08           94      0.25%     99.31% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          246      0.66%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            4      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            37312                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         16853509.190594      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    6288640                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     7909433.962264                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    29617406.111953                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07        36772     98.55%     98.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          296      0.79%     99.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           54      0.14%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           54      0.14%     99.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           43      0.12%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           31      0.08%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           46      0.12%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            6      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           37312                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        7942043.078540      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2963457                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            24565                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108423.834724                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107270.086170                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19197.608176                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        22470     91.47%     91.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          361      1.47%     92.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          465      1.89%     94.85% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          410      1.67%     96.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          370      1.51%     98.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          243      0.99%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          240      0.98%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              24565                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                24589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            15174899.955265                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           14085495.993192                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     9      0.04%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 7      0.03%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                1      0.00%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                4      0.02%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                4      0.02%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                7      0.03%      0.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                5      0.02%      0.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                7      0.03%      0.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                4      0.02%      0.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                4      0.02%      0.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                2      0.01%      0.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                2      0.01%      0.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                3      0.01%      0.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                2      0.01%      0.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                2      0.01%      0.26% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                6      0.02%      0.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                5      0.02%      0.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                3      0.01%      0.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                3      0.01%      0.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               7      0.03%      0.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              24502     99.65%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           64528000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  24589                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              11577                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          32230746.005010                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         59904427.279865                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            295      2.55%      2.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      2.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              2      0.02%      2.57% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              4      0.03%      2.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              1      0.01%      2.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              6      0.05%      2.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              1      0.01%      2.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              2      0.02%      2.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      2.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      2.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              1      0.01%      2.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              1      0.01%      2.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              1      0.01%      2.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              1      0.01%      2.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              2      0.02%      2.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      2.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             2      0.02%      2.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            11258     97.24%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       1718794000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                11577                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  36166                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              10317296.535420                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             13532867.663228                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      13      0.04%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   7      0.02%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  2      0.01%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                321      0.89%      0.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  7      0.02%      0.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 12      0.03%      1.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 17      0.05%      1.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 16      0.04%      1.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 16      0.04%      1.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 26      0.07%      1.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 24      0.07%      1.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 14      0.04%      1.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 18      0.05%      1.36% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 22      0.06%      1.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 10      0.03%      1.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 21      0.06%      1.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 12      0.03%      1.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 12      0.03%      1.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 12      0.03%      1.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                13      0.04%      1.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                35571     98.35%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             64414500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    36166                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.007504                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.086613                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             37033     99.25%     99.25% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               278      0.75%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         37312                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            37312    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        37312                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              0.656947                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             1.827656                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                  36889     98.87%     98.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   164      0.44%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                  249      0.67%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                    3      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                    3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                    1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                    0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                    2      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.308962                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.156930                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                 35815     95.99%     95.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1157      3.10%     99.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                    96      0.26%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    54      0.14%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    42      0.11%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  30      0.08%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  25      0.07%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  31      0.08%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  40      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  10      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   4      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   2      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               37312                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    26081391                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       798                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    9621830                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      426                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                26082189                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                9622256                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         35703221                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           1224                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     35704445                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    85594484                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         2                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                85594486                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         85594484                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     85594486                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       746270693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   84214036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     86270467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             71587439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1222198                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9201727                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    71587439                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          113713273                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          48864006                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           337705903                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           49480533                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     35705599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   26082792                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   9622807                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.006000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              746270692.994000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         12945187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 50567104     58.61%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     963      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                26082792     30.23%     88.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                9622807     11.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  86273666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67861814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16986.686859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        171192963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       171192963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     85590489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       85590489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     85590489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        85590489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     85590489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       85590489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     65193461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65193461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     65193461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65193461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     65193461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65193461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     85594484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     85594484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     85594484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     85594484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     85594484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     85594484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16318.763705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16318.763705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16318.763705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16318.763705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16318.763705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16318.763705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     57165539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57165539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     57165539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57165539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     57165539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57165539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14309.271339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14309.271339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14309.271339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14309.271339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14309.271339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14309.271339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               276                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            16690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.790632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            8627596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           516.932055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   214.790632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.839026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         74334075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        74334075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     23397746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       23397746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      6967534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6967534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          596                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          596                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        25100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        25100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         9767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     30365280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        30365280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     30365876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       30365876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      2279127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2279127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      2440952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2440952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          122                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          122                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       378626                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       378626                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       203538                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       203538                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data      4720079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4720079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data      4720201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4720201                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 104759498493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 104759498493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 124069626998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 124069626998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1522432000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1522432000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5755243494                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   5755243494                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       295500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total       295500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 228829125491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 228829125491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 228829125491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 228829125491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     25676873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25676873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      9408486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9408486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          718                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       403726                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       403726                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       213305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       213305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     35085359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     35085359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     35086077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     35086077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.088762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.259442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.259442                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.169916                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.169916                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.937829                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.937829                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.954211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.954211                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.134531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.134531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.134532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.134532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45964.748122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45964.748122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 50828.376387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50828.376387                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4020.938868                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4020.938868                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28276.014769                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28276.014769                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48479.935503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48479.935503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48478.682474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48478.682474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2279127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2279127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2440952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2440952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          122                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          122                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       378508                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       378508                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       203511                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       203511                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4720079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4720079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4720201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4720201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 100201238505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 100201238505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 119187721002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119187721002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2104000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2104000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    763321000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763321000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5348227506                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5348227506                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       283500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       283500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 219388959507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 219388959507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 219391063507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 219391063507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2490500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2490500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1254500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1254500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      3745000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3745000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.088762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.259442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259442                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.169916                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169916                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.937537                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937537                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.954085                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954085                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.134531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.134532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43964.745495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43964.745495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 48828.375569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48828.375569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17245.901639                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17245.901639                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2016.657508                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2016.657508                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26279.795716                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26279.795716                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46479.933812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46479.933812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46479.178219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46479.178219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              5957                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    27358284                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       783                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   10981809                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      808                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                      48                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                27359067                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               10982617                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         38340093                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           1591                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     38341684                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    88660074                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                88660077                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         88660074                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     88660077                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       746270694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   86747168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     89218242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             74485566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1234702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9262477                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    74485566                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          120317638                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          50370448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           350381694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           50183234                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     38343246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   27358731                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  10984515                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                336.010000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              746270357.990000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         13016974                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 50879862     57.02%     57.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1011      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                27358731     30.66%     87.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               10984515     12.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  89224119                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             9150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           42945795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4693.529508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        177329298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       177329298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     88650924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       88650924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     88650924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        88650924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     88650924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       88650924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          9150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         9150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    161444432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161444432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    161444432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161444432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    161444432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161444432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     88660074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     88660074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     88660074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     88660074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     88660074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     88660074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17644.200219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17644.200219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17644.200219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17644.200219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17644.200219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17644.200219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         9150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    143076568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143076568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    143076568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143076568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    143076568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143076568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15636.783388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15636.783388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15636.783388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15636.783388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15636.783388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15636.783388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               447                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            23117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          252.880310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            9914982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           428.904356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   252.880310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.987814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         79346827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        79346827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     24773682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       24773682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8054040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8054040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2603                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2603                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        14336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        14336                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         9202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     32827722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        32827722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     32830325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       32830325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2179263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2179263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2716614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2716614                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          434                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          434                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       387892                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       387892                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       201914                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       201914                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data      4895877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4895877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data      4896311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4896311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  88878157950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88878157950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 142123232498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 142123232498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1745897500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1745897500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5814420000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   5814420000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        69000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        69000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 231001390448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 231001390448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 231001390448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 231001390448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     26952945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     26952945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     10770654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10770654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         3037                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         3037                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       402228                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       402228                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       211116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     37723599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     37723599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     37726636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     37726636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.080854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.252224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.252224                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.142904                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.142904                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.964359                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964359                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.956413                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.956413                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.129783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.129784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40783.585070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40783.585070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 52316.314536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52316.314536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4500.988677                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4500.988677                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28796.517329                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28796.517329                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47182.841899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47182.841899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 47178.659699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47178.659699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             9645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2179263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2179263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2716614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2716614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          434                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          434                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       387459                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       387459                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       201801                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       201801                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4895877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4895877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4896311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4896311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  84519582050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84519582050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 136690002502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 136690002502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8692000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8692000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    962318500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    962318500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5410820000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5410820000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        67000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 221209584552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 221209584552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 221218276552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 221218276552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2794508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2794508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1194500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1194500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      3989008                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3989008                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.080854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.252224                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252224                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.142904                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142904                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.963282                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963282                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.955877                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955877                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.129783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.129784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38783.562172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38783.562172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 50316.313802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50316.313802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 20027.649770                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20027.649770                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2483.665368                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2483.665368                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26812.652068                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26812.652068                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45182.831299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45182.831299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45180.601590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45180.601590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              4121                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.019913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   200.019913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.781328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.781328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          186.017157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   186.017157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.726630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.262773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   200.262773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.782276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.782276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          185.015898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   185.015898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.722718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2129                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1897                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2131                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1897                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             4026                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         4028                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9962                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 50                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9962                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9962                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9962                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       746270699                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        677                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10759                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              19332                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7305                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               42692                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4413                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4386                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2220                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2166                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              746189324.997455                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              81374.002545                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000109                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999891                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7619     63.16%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      52      0.43%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2220     18.40%     82.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2166     17.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     12063                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              230                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             166390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           723.434783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           20154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16180998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16180998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16180998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16180998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     16180998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16180998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70352.165217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70352.165217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70352.165217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70352.165217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 70352.165217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70352.165217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15719002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15719002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15719002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15719002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15719002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15719002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68343.486957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68343.486957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68343.486957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68343.486957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 68343.486957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68343.486957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                18                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               82                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          230.092245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              16939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               82                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           206.573171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   230.092245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.898798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.898798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             8158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            8158                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1825                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2565999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2565999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1009000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1009000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       229500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       229500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        80500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        80500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3574999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3574999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3574999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3574999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.046829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.127660                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.127660                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.108696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108696                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26729.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26729.156250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42041.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42041.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        38250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        38250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16100                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29791.658333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29791.658333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28599.992000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28599.992000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2373001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2373001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       961000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       961000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       223500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       223500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        70500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3334001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3334001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3557501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3557501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        70500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        70500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       143500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       143500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.046829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.108696                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108696                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24718.760417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24718.760417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40041.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40041.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        44700                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        44700                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        14100                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14100                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27783.341667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27783.341667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28460.008000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28460.008000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                13                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 373135347000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -70423516.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       94797561.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -47507928.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       63950736.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -252395520.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       350478835.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -129986519.040000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       168376320.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -469441081589.760620
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       880845598924.799194
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -137107796662.080032
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       256811499290.880035
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -1514699518320.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2842535779200.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.373135
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       2238812086.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       746189661.013455
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       146083764.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       64.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       25964025.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       53443743.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       20609488.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       170970971.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       234050243.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       99241759.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       2457577.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       146083764.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       64.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       174264525.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       5.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       174264520.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       13375.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       52631868.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       20180989.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       74050157.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       2817.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4458486.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       5157590.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       22093278
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       24565.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       11576.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       40303.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       171692.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       77070.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       18354.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
